In a photovoltaic system including a plurality of strings, each includes a plurality of photovoltaic modules exclusively connected in series, bus lines to which the strings are connected in parallel, and a converter for feeding electric energy from the bus lines into a power grid. A system voltage drop between the bus lines can be adjusted by a controller of the converter, and a current sensor is provided for each string that at least determines whether a reverse current flows to the string and reports to the controller of the converter whether a reverse current flows to the string, and the controller of the converter reduces the system voltage present between the bus lines to stop the reverse current.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic system comprising a plurality of strings which each comprise a plurality of photovoltaic modules exclusively connected in series, bus lines to which the plurality of strings are connected together in parallel, wherein a current sensor is provided for each string and is configured to determine whether a reverse current flows to the respective string, and a converter configured to feed electric energy from the bus lines into a power grid, wherein a system voltage drop between the bus lines can be adjusted by means of a controller of the converter, and wherein each current sensor reports to the controller of the converter whether a reverse current flows to the respective string, and wherein the controller of the converter reduces the system voltage present between the bus lines to stop the reverse current in response thereto, wherein, after the reduction of the system voltage between the bus lines, the other strings not associated with the reverse current flow further supply electric energy that the converter feeds into the power grid as long as the reduced system voltage between the bus lines is sufficient for feeding electric energy into the power grid. 2. An apparatus for feeding electric energy from a plurality of strings, which each comprise a plurality of photovoltaic modules connected in series, into a power grid, the apparatus comprising terminals to connect the plurality of strings together in parallel to each other to bus lines, wherein for each string a current sensor is provided that is configured to determine whether a reverse current flows to the respective string, and a converter that feeds the electric energy from the bus lines into the power grid, wherein a system voltage drop between the bus lines is adjustable by a controller of the converter, wherein each current sensor reports to the controller of the converter whether a reverse current flows to the respective string and wherein the controller of the converter reduces the system voltage present between the bus lines to stop the reverse current, wherein, after reduction of the system voltage between the bus lines the other strings not associated with the reverse current flow further supply electric energy that the converter feeds into the power grid, as long as the reduced system voltage between the bus lines is sufficient for feeding electric energy into the power grid. 3. The apparatus according to claim 2, wherein the controller is configured to reduce the system voltage present between the bus lines within a present maximum power point (MPP) window. 4. The apparatus according to claim 3, wherein the controller is configured to reduce the system voltage present between the bus lines down to zero if the reverse current can not be stopped otherwise. 5. The apparatus according to claim 4, wherein the controller is configured to short the system voltage present between the bus lines if the reverse current can not be stopped otherwise. 6. The apparatus according to claim 5, wherein the controller is configured to disconnect the converter from the power grid, discharge a buffer capacitance at the input side of the converter and short the system voltage present between the bus lines via switches of an inverter bridge of the converter. 7. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the current sensors are provided in a plurality of connection units to be arranged locally. 8. The apparatus according to claim 7, wherein in a central unit including the converter, connection terminals to the bus lines are provided for connection lines coming from the connection units that are to be arranged locally . 9. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the current sensors are configured to report the reverse current via communication lines or wirelessly to the controller. 10. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the current sensors are configured to report the reverse current, if the reverse current exceeds a predetermined threshold value. 11. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the current sensors are configured to measure a strength of the currents flowing from the strings and report it to a monitoring device. 12. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the current sensors are configured to measure the currents flowing from the strings with regard to value and direction. 13. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein no diodes are provided for the individual strings. 14. The apparatus according to claim 13, wherein no over-current fuses are provided for the individual strings. 15. An inverter control system, comprising: an inverter configured to receive electric energy at bus lines provided thereto, and deliver electric energy to a grid at an output thereof; a local connection unit comprising a plurality of current sensors, wherein each of the plurality of current sensors is configured to detect a reverse current flow associated with a respective one of a plurality of parallel-connected strings of series-connected photovoltaic modules; a controller configured to receive an indication from one of the plurality of current sensors when the reverse current flow is detected, and wherein the controller is configured to control the inverter in response thereto to reduce a system voltage at the bus lines, wherein the reduced system voltage is sufficient to stop the detected reverse current flow in the one string, and wherein the inverter is configured to receive electric energy from the other strings of the plurality of strings not associated with the detected reverse current flow. 16. The inverter control system of claim 15, wherein the local connection unit further comprises a transmitter configured to wirelessly transmit the indication of a detected reverse current flow from one of the plurality of current sensors to the controller. 17. The inverter control system of claim 15, wherein the inverter further comprises a plurality of contactors at an output thereof, and wherein the controller is configured to open the contactors and thereby disconnect the grid from the inverter if a predetermined condition is detected by the controller in the inverter when a reverse current flow is detected in one of the strings. 18. The inverter control system of claim 17, wherein the inverter further comprises a buffer capacitance, and wherein the controller is configured to discharge the buffer capacitance after the contactors are opened. 19. The inverter control system of claim 18, wherein the inverter comprises a bridge circuit between the bus lines, and wherein the controller is configured to close switches of the bridge circuit to create a short circuit between the bus lines after the buffer capacitance is discharged. 20. A method of controlling an inverter, comprising: detecting a reverse current flow condition in one of a plurality of strings of series-connected photovoltaic modules; reporting the detecting reverse current flow condition to a controller associated with the inverter; reducing a system voltage between bus lines at an input of the inverter in response to the report of the detected reverse current flow condition via the controller; and receiving electric energy at the inverter at the reduced system voltage from others of the plurality of strings of series-connected photovoltaic modules not associated with the detected reverse current flow condition. 