A structure for supporting an array of solar panels above a surface comprises finned poles, a horizontal spline, and a number of movable yokes coupling each of the solar panels to the spline, such that the solar panels may be secured to the spline, and later repositioned along the spline and re-secured to the spline. A pole includes one or more fins in a central portion, to stabilize the pole when set into the ground. The cross-section of the spline may take a variety of shapes, including quadrilateral shapes and conic sections. Constructing a solar array involves using commonplace, readily accessible materials, and construction equipment and methods with low-environmental-impact, all to produce an attractive, easy to construct environmentally friendly installation.
Claims 1. A yoke for mounting a solar panel to a spline in a solar panel mounting structure, the yoke comprising: a base portion; a panel mounting frame coupled to the base portion; at least one solar panel mounted to the panel mounting frame; and arm portions coupled to the base portion and arranged to movably engage the spline. 2. A yoke according to claim 1, the panel mounting frame further comprising a base bracket and a panel bracket. 3. A yoke according to claim 2, wherein the base bracket is fixedly attached to the base portion. 4. A yoke according to claim 2, wherein the panel bracket is rotatably coupled to the base bracket. 5. A yoke according to claim 1, the base portion further comprising at least one securing arm extending around the circumference of the spline. 6. A yoke according to claim 5, wherein the at least one securing arm comprises a U-shaped member secured to the base portion, an inner surface of the U-shaped member forming an aperture with a surface of the base portion. 7. A yoke according to claim 1, the base portion further comprising at least one pair of opposing securing arms that together encircle at least a portion of the spline. 8. A yoke according to claim 7 wherein the distal ends of the securing arms extend to encircle a portion of, but less than the entirety of, the spline. 9. A yoke according to claim 8 wherein the distal ends of the securing arms comprise a gap wider than a dimension of a pole supporting the spline, so as to allow a carriage to move along the spline past the supporting pole. 10. A yoke according to claim 7, wherein the at least one securing arm and the base portion encircle the entire circumference of the spline. 11. A mounting structure for supporting one or more solar panels above the ground with minimal negative environmental impact, the structure comprising: at least one pole having a bottom end penetrating the ground, and a top end extending above the ground, the at least one pole secured in the ground without a concrete footing; a spline mounted to the at least one pole; a yoke releasably secured to the spline such that the yoke may be released, moved to a different location along the spline, and re-secured to the spline, without being removed from the spline; at least one solar panel mounted to the yoke; wherein the yoke is movable along the spline so as to be relocateable, and so as to controllably moderate the amount of sunlight reaching the ground adjacent to the structure. 12. A mounting structure according to claim 11, wherein the at least one pole comprises a plurality of poles, and the spline is supported by at least two poles. 13. A mounting structure according to claim 11 further comprising a plurality of yokes, and a corresponding plurality of solar panels mounted to the plurality of yokes. 14. A mounting structure according to claim 11, wherein the at least one pole further comprises: a body portion having an outer surface, and a length extending between the top end and the bottom end, and a cross-section normal to the length; and at least one fin projecting outwardly from the outer surface, the at lease one fin having a width and a length, the length parallel to the length of the pole, and a tapered end, the tapered end tapering towards the bottom end of the pole. 15. A mounting structure according to claim 14, wherein the at least one fin comprises a plurality of fins spaced equidistant from each other around a perimeter of the cross-section of the pole. 16. A mounting structure according to claim 11, wherein the ground is arable land. 17. A method of forming a solar panel support structure, the method comprising: setting at least one pole into the ground; coupling a spline to the at least one pole; coupling at least one yoke to the spline; coupling at least one solar panel to the yoke; wherein the at least one pole is not embedded in concrete. 18. A method of forming a solar panel support structure according to claim 17, wherein the at least one yoke comprises two yokes coupled to one solar panel. 19. A method of forming a solar panel support structure according to claim 17, wherein coupling at least one yoke to the spline comprises releasably securing at least one yoke to the spline such that the at least one yoke may be released, moved to a different location along the spline, and re-secured to the spline, without being removed from the spline. 20. A method of forming a solar panel support structure according to claim 17, wherein the at least one pole comprises at least two fins, and setting at least one pole into the ground comprises placing the fins below ground level, and wherein the at least two fins are in direct contact with the ground. 