A photovoltaic power generation system is disclosed, which can allow a user to easily acquire information on a photovoltaic inverter, easily control the photovoltaic inverter, and save electric charges.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic (PV) power generation system comprising: a meter to determine power information and perform bidirectional communication with a power supply grid, and the meter to perform bidirectional communication with a load module; a PV inverter to invert a direct current (DC) electric energy to an alternating current (AC) electric energy; a first communication module provided at the PV inverter to transmit information related to the PV inverter; a control device having a second communication module to receive the information related to the PV inverter from the first communication module and to receive the power information from the meter, and the control device to control an operation mode of the PV inverter based on the received information related to the PV inverter and the received power information from the meter; and a terminal to wirelessly communicate with the control device, and the terminal to display the information related to the PV inverter. 2. The photovoltaic power generation system according to claim 1, further comprising a PV module to provide the DC electric energy to the PV inverter. 3. The photovoltaic power generation system according to claim 1, wherein the information related to the PV inverter includes: an input voltage measurement value or an input current measurement value input to the PV inverter, an output voltage measurement value or an output current measurement value output from the PV inverter, information on an operation state of the PV inverter, information on an operation mode of the PV inverter, or information on electric power generation of the PV inverter. 4. The photovoltaic power generation system according to claim 3, wherein the operation mode of the PV inverter includes: a grid connect mode to connect power from the PV inverter with an external grid, an inverter block mode to block a transmission line between the PV inverter to the external grid when the PV inverter is in error, and a power failure mode to use power from the PV inverter as consumed power during a power failure. 5. The photovoltaic power generation system according to claim 1, wherein the first communication module of the PV inverter is either a zigbee communication module or a Bluetooth communication module, and the second communication module of the control device is either a zigbee communication module or a Bluetooth communication module. 6. The photovoltaic power generation system according to claim 1, wherein the terminal includes: an input module to receive an input from a user, a display module to display an output based on the input from the user, a third communication module to access a wireless communication network, or a control module to control the display module and the third communication module, and the control module to convert the input from the user into a control signal for the PV inverter. 7. The photovoltaic power generation system according to claim 6, wherein the control module controls the display module to display the information related to the PV inverter, which is received from the PV inverter through the third communication module. 8. The photovoltaic power generation system according to claim 7, wherein when a part of the displayed information related to the PV inverter is selected, the control module controls the display module to display the information related to the PV inverter as an enlarged screen. 9. The photovoltaic power generation system according to claim 7, wherein the control module controls the display module to move the displayed information related to the PV inverter in an up or down direction and a left or right direction when the display module is in a scroll mode. 10. The photovoltaic power generation system according to claim 7, wherein the control module of the terminal controls the display module to display an operation icon for generating a control signal for operating the PV inverter, a pause icon for generating a control signal for pausing the PV inverter, and a control icon for controlling the operation state of the PV inverter. 11. The photovoltaic power generation system according to claim 10, wherein, when the control icon is selected, the control module of the terminal controls the display module to display an operation mode selection icon of the PV inverter. 12. The photovoltaic power generation system according to claim 6, wherein the display module of the terminal displays a control icon for transmitting a control signal for controlling the PV inverter to the PV inverter through the control device in a consumed power saving mode based on the power information from the grid, which is received from the meter when the control icon is selected. 13. The photovoltaic power generation system according to claim 1, wherein the meter transmits information on an electric charge to the control device, and the control device determines an electric charge corresponding to electric power generation of a PV module based on the power information. 14. A photovoltaic (PV) power generation system comprising: a PV module to provide a direct current (DC) electric energy; a PV inverter to change the DC electric energy from the PV module to an alternating current (AC) electric energy; a battery provided at the PV inverter, to charge a power supplied from the PV module or a power supply, or to discharge charged power to the power supply or a load; a control device to control supplying and blocking of electric energy from the PV module, the power supply, the load, the battery, and the PV inverter; and a terminal to control the control device through a wireless communication network, the terminal to transmit, to the control device, a control signal corresponding to one of first to third operation modes based on an input from a user. 15. The photovoltaic power generation system according to claim 14, wherein, when the terminal transmits the control signal corresponding to the first operation mode to the control device, the control device controls the photovoltaic power generation system to transmit the AC electric energy to the power supply by inverting the DC electric energy from the PV module to the AC electric energy or to charge the battery by inverting the AC electric energy supplied from the power supply to the DC electric energy. 16. The photovoltaic power generation system according to claim 14, wherein, when the terminal transmits the control signal corresponding to the second operation mode to the control device, the control device controls the photovoltaic power generation system to block an electric energy transmission line between the PV inverter and the power supply and an electric energy transmission line between the PV inverter and the load. 17. A photovoltaic (PV) power generation system comprising: a PV inverter to invert a direct current (DC) electric energy to an alternating current (AC) electric energy, the PV inverter including a first communication module to transmit information from the PV inverter; a control device having a second communication module to receive the information from the PV inverter and to receive power information from a meter, and the control device to control an operation mode of the PV inverter based on the received information from the PV inverter and the received power information from the meter; and a terminal to wirelessly communicate with the control device, and the terminal to display the information from the PV inverter. 18. The photovoltaic power generation system according to claim 17, wherein the information from the PV inverter includes: an input voltage measurement value or an input current measurement value input to the PV inverter, an output voltage measurement value or an output current measurement value output from the PV inverter, information on an operation state of the PV inverter, information on an operation mode of the PV inverter, or information on electric power generation of the PV inverter. 19. The photovoltaic power generation system according to claim 18, wherein the operation mode of the PV inverter includes: a grid connect mode to connect power from the PV inverter with an external grid, an inverter block mode to block a transmission line between the PV inverter to the external grid when the PV inverter is in error, and a power failure mode to use power from the PV inverter as consumed power during a power failure. 20. The photovoltaic power generation system according to claim 17, wherein the terminal includes: an input module to receive an input from a user, a display module to display an output based on the input from the user, a third communication module to access a wireless communication network, or a control module to control the display module and the third communication module, and the control module to convert the input from the user into a control signal for the PV inverter. 