Disclosed herein are a thermal device and a photovoltaic module having the same. The photovoltaic module includes a photovoltaic device, a thermal device, and an adhesive layer. The photovoltaic device includes a front substrate, a back substrate and a photovoltaic cell disposed between the two substrates. The thermal device is disposed adjacent to the back substrate for dissipating heat away from the photovoltaic device, and includes a chassis, several pipes and a thermal carrier. The chassis having several depressed channels is disposed adjacent to the back substrate. The pipes are disposed in the depressed channels and a coolant runs through the pipes to take away heat. The thermal carrier is used to fill the depressed channels and fully covers the pipes. The adhesive layer is disposed on the chassis for adhering the chassis and the back substrate.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic module, comprising: a photovoltaic device comprising a front substrate, a back substrate, and a photovoltaic cell disposed between the two substrates; a thermal device disposed adjacent to the back substrate for dissipating heat away from the photovoltaic device, the thermal device comprising: a chassis having a plurality of depressed channels; a plurality of pipes disposed in the depressed channels, wherein a coolant runs through the pipes to take away heat; and a thermal carrier filled in the depressed channels and fully covering the pipes; and an adhesive layer disposed between the back substrate and the chassis to adhere the photovoltaic device and the thermal device. 2. The photovoltaic module of claim 1, wherein the adhesive layer is patterned to avoid overlaying the thermal carrier, such that the thermal carrier is in direct contact with the back substrate. 3. The photovoltaic module of claim 1, wherein the adhesive layer is made of silicone, butyl resin, or polyisobutylene. 4. The photovoltaic module of claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic device further comprises a junction box disposed on the back substrate, and the chassis further has an opening to expose the junction box. 5. The photovoltaic module of claim 1, wherein the thermal device further comprises: a first conveying tube connected to the pipes to convey the coolant into the pipes; and a second conveying tube connected to the pipes to convey the coolant away from the pipes, wherein the two conveying tubes are disposed outside the chassis and are not covered by the photovoltaic device. 6. The photovoltaic module of claim 5, wherein each conveying tube comprises an anticorrosion coating formed on the outer surface of the conveying tube to increase the weatherability of the conveying tube. 7. The photovoltaic module of claim 5, wherein the two conveying tubes are respectively situated on two opposite sides of the chassis. 8. The photovoltaic module of claim 1, further comprising a mounting bracket disposed at the edge of the photovoltaic device and the thermal device to fix the two devices. 9. The photovoltaic module of claim 8, wherein the mounting bracket comprises at least one C-clamp disposed at the edge of the photovoltaic device and the thermal device to fix the two devices. 10. The photovoltaic module of claim 9, wherein when the photovoltaic module comprises a pair of the C-clamps, the C-clamps are disposed on two opposite sides of the photovoltaic device and the thermal device. 11. The photovoltaic module of claim 9, wherein the at least one C-clamp comprises an accommodating room for accommodating a portion of the photovoltaic device and a portion of the thermal device, and the photovoltaic module further comprises: a sealing material disposed in the accommodating room to form a tight sealing between the two devices and the at least one C-clamp. 12. The photovoltaic module of claim 1, wherein each substrate is a glass substrate or a polymeric sheet. 13. The photovoltaic module of claim 1, wherein the chassis is made of aluminum. 14. A thermal device for dissipating heat away from a photovoltaic device, comprising: a chassis having a plurality of depressed channels disposed adjacent to a back substrate of the photovoltaic device; a plurality of pipes disposed in the depressed channels, wherein a coolant runs through the pipes to take away heat; a thermal carrier filled in the depressed channels and fully covers the pipes; and an adhesive layer disposed on the chassis for adhering the chassis and the back substrate. 15. The thermal device of claim 14, wherein the adhesive layer is patterned to avoid overlaying the thermal carrier, such that the thermal carrier is in direct contact with the back substrate. 