A mounting assembly for a solar panel includes at least two laterally spaced-apart frames placed on a support surface. Each frame is selectively reconfigurable between an expanded configuration and a collapsed configuration. A spacer bracket extends generally perpendicularly to a longitudinal axis of each frame. Opposing ends of the spacer bracket are attached to a portion of one of the frame. A solar panel is supported by at least a portion of each frame. The solar panel is positioned at an angle of less than 90 degrees and greater than 0 degrees with respect to the support surface.
Claims 1. A mounting assembly for a solar panel, the assembly comprising: at least two laterally spaced-apart frames placed on a support surface, each frame being selectively reconfigurable between an expanded configuration and a collapsed configuration; a spacer bracket extending generally perpendicularly to a longitudinal axis of each frame, opposing ends of the spacer bracket being attached to a portion of each frame; and a solar panel supported by at least a portion of each frame, the solar panel being positioned by the frames at an angle of less than 90 degrees and greater than 0 degrees with respect to the support surface. 2. The assembly according to claim 1 wherein each frame includes a base truss, a support truss and a prop truss, a first pin pivotally attaches a first end of the base truss to a first end of the support truss, a second pin pivotally attaches a second end of the base truss to a second end of the prop truss, and a movable third pin pivotally attaches a second end of the support truss to a first end of the prop truss. 3. The assembly according to claim 2 wherein at least a portion of the movable third pin is sized and shaped to fit within an elongated slot in at least one side wall of the support truss. 4. The assembly according to claim 3, wherein one end of the slot includes an enlarged notch, and wherein each frame is held in the expanded configuration when at least a portion of the movable pin is positioned in the enlarged notch. 5. The assembly according to claim 2, wherein in the expanded configuration at least a midsection of each truss of each frame is spaced-apart, and wherein in the collapsed configuration the support truss and the prop truss of each frame are in engagement with and generally fit within the base truss thereof. 6. The assembly according to claim 2 further comprising: a wind deflector attached to at least a portion of the prop truss of each frame, at least a portion of the wind deflector being sized and shaped to receive and hold at least a portion of the at least one solar panel. 7. The assembly according to claim 1 further comprising: a clip rotatably attached to one end of the support truss of each frame, the clip being sized and shaped to receive and hold at least a portion of the at least one solar panel. 8. The assembly according to claim 1 further comprising: a ballast removably positioned within at least a portion of one of the frames or in the at least one spacer bracket. 9. A method of employing a mounting assembly for a solar panel, the method comprising: placing a first frame on a support surface; placing a second frame on the support surface; aligning the first and second frames such that a longitudinal axis of each frame extends generally parallel to one another; aligning the first and second frames to be laterally spaced-apart by a predetermined distance; rotating a clip of each of the first and second frame to a raised position; and placing a solar panel on a top surface of at least a portion of each of the first and second frames such that at least a portion of the solar panel is positioned within at least a portion of each clip. 10. The method according to claim 9, further comprising: expanding each of the first and second frames from a collapsed configuration to an expanded configuration. 11. The method according to claim 9, further comprising: attaching a wind deflector to at least a portion of each of the first and second frames. 12. The method according to claim 9, further comprising: placing ballast within at least a portion of one of the first and second frames after expanding the frame from a collapsed configuration to an expanded configuration. 13. The method according to claim 9, further comprising: inserting a fastener through a mounting hole of each of the first and second frames and at least partially into the support surface. 14. A frame for supporting at least a portion of a solar panel on a support surface, the frame comprising: a base truss having a first end and an opposing second end; a support truss having a first end, an opposing second end, a generally planar central portion and two spaced-apart side walls extending generally perpendicularly from opposing sides of the central portion, at least one of the side walls of the support truss proximate to the second end having a generally elongated slot that extends therethrough proximate the second end of the support truss, the first end of the base truss being pivotally attached to the first end of the support truss; and a prop truss having a first end and opposing second end, the second end of the base truss being pivotally attached to the second end of the prop truss, a movable pin extending outwardly from the prop truss proximate the first end thereof, the movable pin being rotatably and slidably positioned within the generally elongated slot of the support truss. 15. The frame according to claim 14 at least one ballast removably positioned within at least a portion of the base truss. 16. The frame according to claim 14 wherein a first pin pivotally attaches the first end of the base truss to the first end of the support truss, and wherein a second pin pivotally attaches the second end of the base truss to the second end of the prop truss. 17. The frame according to claim 14 wherein the frame is selectively reconfigurable between an expanded configuration and a collapsed configuration, the base truss extending generally parallel to the support truss and the prop truss in the collapsed configuration, the support truss extending at an angle between 90 degrees and 0 degrees with respect to the base truss in the expanded configuration. 18. The frame according to claim 17 wherein one end of the generally elongated slot includes an enlarged notch, and wherein the frame is held in the expanded configuration when at least a portion of the movable pin is positioned in the enlarged notch. 19. The frame according to claim 18, wherein in the expanded configuration at least a midsection of each truss of the frame is spaced-apart, and wherein in the collapsed configuration the support truss and the prop truss of the frame are in engagement with and generally fit within the base truss. 20. The frame according to claim 14 further comprising: a clip rotatably attached to one end of the support truss, the clip being sized and shaped to receive and hold at least a portion of a solar panel. 