An apparatus is provided for producing a compensated voltage output comprising at least one photovoltaic module biasing means connected in series with the at least one photovoltaic module. The biasing means is operable to generate a controllable bias voltage for modulating an output voltage of the at least one photovoltaic module to produce the compensated voltage output.
Claims 1-22. (canceled) 23. An apparatus for producing a compensated voltage output comprising: at least one photovoltaic module; and biasing means connected in series with the at least one photovoltaic module, the biasing means being operable to generate a controllable bias voltage for modulating an output voltage of the at least one photovoltaic module to produce the compensated voltage output, the power throughput of said biasing means being proportional only to the bias voltage generated by the biasing means. 24. The apparatus as claimed in claim 23 further comprising a plurality of photovoltaic modules coupled together in series and wherein the biasing means is coupled in series with the photovoltaic modules to form a series string with voltage output terminals. 25. The apparatus as claimed in claim 24 wherein the biasing means compares a DC to DC converter. 26. The apparatus as claimed in claim 24 comprising a plurality of the series strings, at least two series strings being coupled in parallel such that the output terminals of the series strings provide a common photovoltaic module array output. 27. The apparatus as claimed in claim 23 wherein the biasing means comprises a DC to DC converter. 28. The apparatus as claimed in claim 23 wherein the biasing means comprises a boost converter. 29. The apparatus as claimed in claim 23 wherein the biasing means comprises a buck converter. 30. The apparatus as claimed in claim 29 wherein the converter is a flyback converter. 31. The apparatus as claimed in claim 29 wherein the converter is a forward converter. 32. The apparatus as claimed in claim 27 wherein the converter is a bipolar converter. 33. The apparatus as claimed in claim 32 wherein the converter is a push-pull converter. 34. The apparatus as claimed in claim 27 wherein the converter comprises a uk converter. 35. An apparatus for producing a compensated voltage output comprising: at least one photovoltaic module; and a biasing module connected in series with the at least one photovoltaic module, the biasing module being operable to generate a controllable bias voltage for modulating an output voltage of the at least one photovoltaic module to produce the compensated voltage output, the power throughput of said biasing module being proportional only to the bias voltage generated by the biasing module. 36. The apparatus as claimed in claim 35 further comprising a plurality of photovoltaic modules coupled together in series and wherein the biasing module is coupled in series with the photovoltaic modules to form a series string with voltage output terminals. 37. The apparatus as claimed in claim 36 comprising a plurality of the series strings, at least two series strings being coupled in parallel such that the output terminals of the series strings provide a common photovoltaic module array output. 38. The apparatus as claimed in claim 35 wherein the biasing module comprises a DC/DC converter. 39. The apparatus as claimed claim 35 wherein the biasing module comprises a boost converter. 40. The apparatus as claimed claim 35 wherein the biasing module comprises a buck converter. 41. The apparatus as claimed in claim 39 wherein the converter is a flyback converter. 42. The apparatus as claimed in claim 39 wherein the converter is a forward converter. 43. The apparatus as claimed in claim 38 wherein the converter is a bipolar converter. 44. The apparatus as claimed in claim 43 wherein the converter is a push-pull converter. 45. The apparatus as claimed in claim 38 wherein the converter comprises a uk converter. 46. The apparatus as claimed in claim 35 wherein the biasing module further comprises: a control module; and series string voltage and series string current measuring means; wherein the control module is operable to control the bias voltage imposed on to the voltage output of the series string according to the series string voltage and the series string current measurements. 47. The apparatus as claimed in claim 46 wherein the control module is arranged to control the current flowing in the biasing module. 48. The apparatus as claimed in claim 47 wherein the control module comprises an input for receiving a control signal such that the bias voltage is controllable by the received control signal. 49. The apparatus as claimed in claim 48 wherein the control module further comprises a data communication module for providing series string operating data to a monitoring module such that operating parameters of the series string can be remotely monitored. 50. The apparatus as claimed in claim 37 wherein the array is coupled to a common inverter. 51. A method of compensating a voltage output comprising: exposing at least one photovoltaic module to light such that a DC output voltage is produced by the photovoltaic module; and modulating the output voltage with a biasing voltage generated by a biasing circuit such that the voltage output is compensated, the power throughput of said biasing circuit being proportional only to the bias voltage generated by the biasing circuit. 52. The method as claimed in claim 51 further comprising: measuring the series string voltage and the series string current; inputting the measurements to a maximum power point algorithm of a control device of the biasing circuit; providing a control output from the control device to control the biasing voltage imposed by the biasing circuit such that the output voltage is modulated with a biasing voltage according to the series string voltage and the series string current measurements. 53. The method as claimed in claim 51 further comprising : receiving at the control device, an input signal from an external device external to the string where the biasing circuit is positioned; and adjusting the control output such that the biasing voltage is controllable by the external device. 54. The method as claimed in claim 51 further comprising: providing series string operating data to a monitoring device such that operating parameters of the series string can be remotely monitored. 