The present disclosure describes systems and methods for monitoring an electrical power grid using loosely synchronized phasors. The grid can include a phasor measurement unit (PMU) that keeps a highly-accurate time, such as a time provided by GPS signals. A solar power inverter can include a clock that is synchronized to a less-accurate time, such as a time provided by a public time server or a radio time signal. The inverter can also include a PMU that generates phasors timestamped according to the less-accurate time. The inverter can receive phasors from the grid PMU. Although the grid and inverter phasors can be loosely synchronized in time, the inverter can analyze the grid and inverter phasors to determine a state of the grid. For example, the inverter can calculate a Pearson's correlation coefficient based on the grid and inverter phasors, and use the result to determine a state of the grid.
Claims 1. A solar power inverter comprising: a direct current (DC) input component configured to receive DC produced by one or more photovoltaic cells; a power generation component configured to generate alternating current (AC) from the DC produced by the one or more photovoltaic cells; an AC output component configured to output generated AC, wherein the AC output component is electrically coupleable to an electrical power grid; one or more data input/output components configured to-- receive signals indicating electrical power grid phasors, wherein the electrical power grid phasors describe characteristics of AC transmitted by the electrical power grid, and wherein the electrical power grid phasors are associated with times having a first degree of accuracy; and receive time signals indicating time, wherein the time is accurate according to a second degree of accuracy, and wherein the second degree of accuracy is less than the first degree of accuracy; a clock configured to maintain time and to synchronize the time according to the time indicated by the time signals; a phasor measurement unit configured to generate inverter phasors and to associate the inverter phasors with the time maintained by the clock, wherein the inverter phasors describe characteristics of AC electrically proximate to the AC output component; and a controller configured to analyze the electrical power grid phasors and the inverter phasors. 2. The solar power inverter of claim 1 wherein the controller is further configured to: align the electrical power grid phasors and the inverter phasors according to respective associated times; and calculate a correlation coefficient using the electrical power grid phasors and the inverter phasors. 3. The solar power inverter of claim 2 wherein the controller is further configured to determine whether the solar power inverter is islanded with respect to the electrical power grid based upon the correlation coefficient. 4. The solar power inverter of claim 1 wherein the controller is further configured to: identify multiple possible shifts of the inverter phasors relative to the electrical power grid phasors; and for each possible shift, calculate a correlation coefficient using the electrical power grid phasors and the inverter phasors. 5. The solar power inverter of claim 4 wherein the controller is further configured to determine whether the solar power inverter is islanded with respect to the electrical power grid based upon the correlation coefficients calculated for each possible shift. 6. The solar power inverter of claim 1 wherein the controller is further configured to determine a state of the electrical power grid based upon the analysis of the electrical power grid phasors and the inverter phasors, wherein the state includes one of the following states: 1) the solar power inverter is islanded with respect to the electrical power grid; and 2) the electrical power grid is stable. 7. The solar power inverter of claim 6 wherein the controller is further configured to cause an action to be performed based upon the state of the electrical power grid, wherein the action includes at least one of the following: 1) shutting down the solar power inverter; 2) switching the solar power inverter to intentional island mode; and 3) providing support functionality for the electrical power grid. 8. The solar power inverter of claim 1 wherein the clock is further configured to synchronize the time according to a time associated with an electrical power grid phasor. 9. The solar power inverter of claim 1 wherein the first degree of accuracy is at least one order of magnitude more accurate than the second degree of accuracy. 10. A method, performed by an apparatus electrically coupled to an electrical power grid, of analyzing phasors, the method comprising: receiving a first set of phasors, wherein the first set of phasors describe characteristics of power transmitted by the electrical power grid, and wherein the first set of phasors have associated timestamps having a first accuracy; receiving a second set of phasors, wherein the second set of phasors describe characteristics of power at a point of common coupling of a power generation apparatus to the electrical power grid, and wherein the second set of phasors have associated timestamps having a second accuracy, wherein the second accuracy is less than the first accuracy; and analyzing the first and second sets of phasors. 11. The method of claim 10, further comprising: aligning the first set of phasors and the second set of phasors based upon associated timestamps; and calculating a correlation coefficient using the first set of phasors and the second set of phasors. 12. The method of claim 10, further comprising: identifying multiple possible shifts of the second set of phasors relative to the first set of phasors; and for each possible shift, calculating a correlation coefficient using the first set of phasors and the second set of phasors. 13. The method of claim 10, further comprising: receiving a time signal indicating a time having the second accuracy; synchronizing a clock of the apparatus to the indicated time, such that the clock time has the second accuracy; and utilizing the clock time to associate timestamps with the second set of phasors. 14. The method of claim 10, further comprising: identifying a time from a timestamp associated with the first set of phasors; synchronizing a clock of the apparatus to the identified time, such that the clock time has the second accuracy; and utilizing the clock time to associate timestamps with the second set of phasors. 15. The method of claim 10 wherein the first accuracy is at least one order of magnitude more accurate than the second accuracy. 16. The method of claim 10 further comprising based upon the analysis, determining a state of the electrical power grid at the PCC. 17. A power generation apparatus electrically coupleable to an electric power grid transmitting alternating current (AC), the power generation apparatus comprising: means for generating AC usable by the electrical power grid; means for receiving first phasors generated at a location of the electrical power grid, wherein the first phasors are timestamped with times accurate to X microseconds; means for maintaining time and synchronizing the time using a time signal, wherein the time is accurate to Y microseconds, where Y is at least 10.times.; means for generating second phasors and timestamping the second phasors according to the time; and means for analyzing the first and second phasors. 18. The power generation apparatus of claim 17 wherein means for analyzing the first and second phasors aligns the first phasors and the second phasors based upon associated timestamps and calculates a correlation coefficient using the first and second phasors. 19. The power generation apparatus of claim 17 wherein means for analyzing the first and second phasors identifies multiple possible shifts of the second phasors relative to the phasors and for each possible shift, calculates a correlation coefficient using the first and second phasors. 