A circuit for converting a direct current voltage into an alternating current voltage includes a buck converter, a resonant DC voltage/DC voltage converter, a DC voltage/AC voltage inverter, and a DC link capacitor. The buck converter generates a DC current according to an input voltage generated by a voltage source operating at an optimal operation point. The resonant DC voltage/DC voltage converter converts the input voltage to a DC voltage according to a switch clock and a resonant frequency determined by a resonant capacitor and a resonant inductance of the resonant DC voltage/DC voltage converter. The DC voltage/AC voltage inverter converts the DC voltage and outputs an AC voltage to an AC power supply network. The DC link capacitor adjusts power outputted by the DC voltage/AC voltage converter to regulate the DC voltage.
Claims 1. A circuit for converting a direct current (DC) voltage into an alternating current (AC) voltage, the circuit comprising: a buck converter having a first terminal for coupling to a first terminal of a voltage source, a second terminal for coupling to a second terminal of the voltage source, and a third terminal for outputting a DC current, wherein the buck converter is used for generating the DC current according to an input voltage of the voltage source when the voltage source operates at an optimal operation point; a resonant DC voltage/DC voltage converter comprising: a resonant capacitor having a first terminal coupled to the third terminal of the buck converter, and a second terminal coupled to the second terminal of the buck converter, wherein the resonant capacitor is used for generating a first DC voltage according to the DC current; a full bridge unit having a first terminal coupled to the third terminal of the buck converter, a second terminal coupled to the second terminal of the buck converter, a third terminal, and a fourth terminal, wherein the full bridge unit is used for converting the first DC voltage to a first AC voltage according to a switch clock; a high frequency transformer comprising: a primary coil having a first terminal coupled to the third terminal of the full bridge unit, and a second terminal coupled to the fourth terminal of the full bridge unit; and a secondary coil having a first terminal, and a second terminal for sensing variation of the first AC voltage of the primary coil to generate a second AC voltage; and a rectifier having a first terminal coupled to the first terminal of the secondary coil, a second terminal coupled to the second terminal of the secondary coil, a third terminal, and a fourth terminal, wherein the rectifier is used for rectifying the second AC voltage to the DC voltage; a DC voltage/AC voltage inverter having a first terminal coupled to the third terminal of the rectifier for receiving the DC voltage, a second terminal coupled to the fourth terminal of the rectifier, a third terminal for outputting an AC voltage to a first terminal of an AC power supply network, and a fourth terminal for coupling to a second terminal of the AC power supply network; and a DC link capacitor having a first terminal coupled to the third terminal of the rectifier, and a second terminal coupled to the fourth terminal of the rectifier, wherein the DC link capacitor is used for adjusting power outputted by the DC voltage/AC voltage inverter to regulate the DC voltage. 2. The circuit of claim 1, wherein the buck converter comprises: a first switch having a first terminal for coupling to the first terminal of the voltage source, and a second terminal, wherein the first switch adjusts a duty cycle for the voltage source to operate at the optimal operation point; an inductor having a first terminal coupled to the second terminal of the first switch, and a second terminal coupled to the first terminal of the resonant capacitor, wherein the inductor is used for generating the DC current according to the input voltage of the voltage source; and a diode having a first terminal coupled to the second terminal of the first switch, and a second terminal coupled to the second terminal of the resonant capacitor, wherein the diode is used for maintaining direction of the DC current when the first switch is turned off. 3. The circuit of claim 2, wherein the first switch is an insulated gate bipolar transistor (IGBT), a gate turn-off thyristor (GTO), or a metal-oxide-semiconductor field effect transistor (MOSFET). 4. The circuit of claim 1, wherein the optimal operation point is a maximum power point of the voltage source. 5. The circuit of claim 1, wherein the resonant DC voltage/DC voltage converter further comprises: a resonant inductor coupled between the full bridge unit and the primary coil for determining a resonant frequency with the resonant capacitor. 6. The circuit of claim 1, wherein the full bridge unit comprises: a second switch having a first terminal coupled to the first terminal of the resonant capacitor, and a second terminal coupled to the first terminal of the primary coil; a third switch having a first terminal coupled to the first terminal of the primary coil, and a second terminal coupled to the second terminal of the resonant capacitor; a fourth switch having a first terminal coupled to the first terminal of the resonant capacitor, and a second terminal coupled to the second terminal of the primary coil; and a fifth switch having a first terminal coupled to the second terminal of the primary coil, and a second terminal coupled to the second terminal of the resonant capacitor; wherein the second switch and the fifth switch are turned on during a first half period of the switch clock, and are turned off during a second half period of the switch clock, and the third switch and the fourth switch are turned on during the second half period of the switch clock, and are turned off during the first half period of the switch clock. 7. The circuit of claim 6, wherein a dead time exists between the first half period and the second half period of the switch clock for preventing the second switch, the fifth switch, and the third switch, the fourth switch from turning on simultaneously. 8. The circuit of claim 6, wherein the second switch, the third switch, the fourth switch, and the fifth switch are insulated gate bipolar transistors, gate turn-off thyristors, or metal-oxide-semiconductor field effect transistors. 9. The circuit of claim 1, wherein the rectifier comprises: a first diode having a first terminal coupled to the first terminal of the DC voltage/AC voltage inverter, and a second terminal coupled to the first terminal of the secondary coil; a second diode having a first terminal coupled to the first terminal of the secondary coil, and a second terminal coupled to the second terminal of the DC voltage/AC voltage inverter; a third diode having a first terminal coupled to the first terminal of the DC voltage/AC voltage inverter, and a second terminal coupled to the second terminal of the secondary coil; and a fourth diode having a first terminal coupled to the second terminal of the secondary coil, and a second terminal coupled to the second terminal of the DC voltage/AC voltage inverter; wherein the first diode and the fourth diode conduct during the first half period of the switch clock, and the second diode and the third diode conduct during the second half period of the switch clock. 10. The circuit of claim 1, wherein the DC voltage/AC voltage inverter is a single-phase inverter. 11. The circuit of claim 1, wherein the DC voltage/AC voltage inverter is a three-phase inverter. 12. The circuit of claim 1, wherein the switch clock is lower than the resonant frequency, and the resonant frequency is much higher than a frequency of the AC power supply network. 13. The circuit of claim 1, wherein the voltage source is a photovoltaic generator, a full cell, or a battery. 14. The circuit of claim 1, further comprising: a pre-rectifier coupled between the buck converter and the voltage source for rectifying an AC voltage generated by the voltage source to the input voltage. 15. The circuit of claim 14, wherein the voltage source is a wind power plant with a permanent-magnet (PM) generator, a combustion engine with a PM generator, or a water power plant with a PM generator. 