This invention presents a robust and low cost design for a sun tracking, solar panel mounting system that can be mounted on a wide range of light poles and power poles. This design incorporates a structural base that is attached to the pole with separate "U" bolts and custom cradles that precisely accommodate the mounting pole dimensions. The structural base incorporates an axle and separate pivoting frame to hold the solar panel and allow it to rotate about the axle in a celestial tracking configuration known as an equatorial mount. A simple automotive style electric motor in the support arm interfaces with a curved gear rack of the pivoting frame to power the motion of the solar panel and frame. A control system coordinates the movement of the frame to achieve the sun tracking.
Claims 1) A solar power generation system where one or more solar panels is attached to a utility pole with a mounting bracket and said mounting bracket provides the means to support a pivoting member in approximate alignment with the earths axis and, said pivoting member supports said solar panels and, said pivoting member is driven by an electric motor and control system to rotate said solar panel(s) in coordination with the path of the sun during the course of the day to maximize the daily power generation. 2) A solar power generation system in accordance with claim 1 whereas the power generated by the solar panel is converted to grid tied alternating current and provide back to the utility wiring in the base of the utility pole for the purpose of gaining credit for the power generated. 3) A solar power generation system in accordance with claim 1 whereas the power generated by the solar panel is used directly to power Direct Current Devices or charge battery banks. 4) A solar power generation system in accordance with claim 1 whereas the mounting bracket is attached to the pole using a "U" bolt and cradle configuration and different configurations of said "U" bolts and cradles can be designed to interface with different diameters and shapes of said pole with the same mechanical interface with said mounting bracket. 5) A solar power generation system in accordance with claim 1 whereas the mounting bracket is attached to the pole using a thru-bolt and cradle configuration and different configurations of said thru-bolt and cradles can be designed to interface with different diameters and shapes of said pole with the same mechanical interface with said mounting bracket. 