A photovoltaic system includes a plurality of rectangular-shaped photovoltaic modules and a plurality of separate and spaced-apart support members supporting and orienting the photovoltaic modules in an array on the support surface without penetrating the support surface. The support members are formed of plastic and each of the photovoltaic modules is supported by at least four of the support members. Each of the support members is secured to and supports at least one of the photovoltaic modules but is not directly secured to any of the other support members. Thus the support modules can be utilized to support a wide variety of different sizes of photovoltaic modules. A wind shield is located at the rearward most support members. The wind shield is spaced a distance from the rearward photovoltaic modules and shaped to deflect wind up and over the array of photovoltaic modules.
Claims 1. A mounting system for photovoltaic modules, said mounting system comprising, in combination: a plurality of separate support members supporting and orienting the photovoltaic modules in an array; wherein each of the photovoltaic modules is supported by at least four of the support members; and wherein each of the support members is secured to and supports at least one the photovoltaic modules but is not directly secured to any of the other support members. 2. The mounting system according to claim 1, wherein the support members comprise plastic. 3. The mounting system according to claim 2, wherein the support members are sized and shaped to nest together in a stack for shipping and storage. 4. The mounting system according to claim 2, wherein a metal plate is located at an attachment location of the support member for the photovoltaic modules to ground the photovoltaic modules. 5. The mounting system according to claim 1, wherein the support members are secured to the photovoltaic modules with clamps. 6. The mounting system according to claim 1, wherein the support members are secured to mounting holes of the photovoltaic modules. 7. The mounting system according to claim 1, wherein the support members are sized and shaped to orient the photovoltaic modules in a landscape orientation. 8. The mounting system according to claim 1, wherein the support members are sized and shaped to selectively orient the photovoltaic modules in both a portrait orientation and a landscape orientation. 9. The mounting system according to claim 1, further including a wind shield at rearward most ones of the support members that is spaced a distance from rearward most ones of the photovoltaic modules and shaped to deflect wind up and over the array of photovoltaic modules rather than under the photovoltaic modules to reduce wind load. 10. The mounting system according to claim 9, wherein the distance between the wind shield held and the rearward most ones of the photovoltaic modules is at least 1.5 times a maximum height of the rearward most ones of the photovoltaic modules. 11. A photovoltaic system mounted on a support surface, the system comprising, in combination: a plurality of rectangular-shaped photovoltaic modules; a plurality of separate and spaced-apart support members supporting and orienting the photovoltaic modules in an array on the support surface without penetrating the support surface; wherein each of the photovoltaic modules is supported by at least four of the support members; and wherein each of the support members is secured to and supports at least one of the photovoltaic modules but is not directly secured to any of the other support members. 12. The photovoltaic system according to claim 11, wherein the support members comprise plastic. 13. The photovoltaic system according to claim 12, wherein the support members are sized and shaped to nest together in a stack for shipping and storage. 14. The photovoltaic system according to claim 12, wherein a metal plate is located at an attachment location of the support member for the photovoltaic modules to ground the photovoltaic modules. 15. The photovoltaic system according to claim 11, wherein the support members are secured to the photovoltaic modules with clamps. 16. The photovoltaic system according to claim 11, wherein the support members are secured to mounting holes of the photovoltaic modules. 17. The photovoltaic system according to claim 11, wherein the support members are sized and shaped to orient the photovoltaic modules in a landscape orientation. 18. The photovoltaic system according to claim 11, wherein the support members are sized and shaped to selectively orient the photovoltaic modules in both a portrait orientation and a landscape orientation. 19. A photovoltaic system comprising, in combination: a plurality of rectangular-shaped photovoltaic modules; a plurality of separate and spaced-apart support members supporting and orienting the photovoltaic modules in an array; wherein each of the photovoltaic modules is supported by at least four of the support members; and a wind shield at rearward most ones of the support members that is spaced a distance from rearward most ones of the photovoltaic modules and shaped to deflect wind up and over the array of photovoltaic modules rather than under the photovoltaic modules to reduce wind load. 20. The mounting system according to claim 19, wherein the distance between the wind shield held and the rearward most ones of the photovoltaic modules is at least 1.5 times a maximum height of the rearward most ones of the photovoltaic modules. 