A DC-AC inverter assembly, in particular a solar cell inverter of a photovoltaic plant, is disclosed. The inverter includes a semiconductor bridge circuit and wherein a DC chopper controller is provided for creating half-waves of an AC voltage on the output side and the bridge circuit is connected downstream of the DC chopper controller and acts as pole changer on the half-waves.
Claims 1. A DC-AC inverter arrangement, comprising: a semiconductor bridge circuit, and a direct-current controller configured to produce half-cycles of an output-side AC voltage, wherein the bridge circuit is connected downstream from the direct-current controller and is configured to act as a polarity changer on the half-cycles. 2. The DC-AC inverter arrangement as claimed in claim 1, wherein the direct-current controller includes a buck converter. 3. The DC-AC inverter arrangement as claimed in claim 1, wherein the direct-current controller includes a combination of a buck converter and a boost converter, or a boost/buck converter with a common inductance. 4. The DC-AC inverter arrangement as claimed in claim 1, wherein the direct-current controller is configured as a four-quadrant controller with a feedback capability, and the inverter arrangement is configured with a reactive-power capability. 5. The DC-AC inverter arrangement as claimed in claim 1, wherein the components of the semiconductor bridge circuit are configured to minimize line losses, while secondarily taking account of switching losses. 6. The DC-AC inverter arrangement as claimed in claim 5, wherein switching devices in the bridge circuit include MOSFETs or IGBTs with a low R.sub.ds,on value. 7. The DC-AC inverter arrangement as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a semiconductor diode configured to operate switching devices in the semiconductor bridge circuit in the switched-on state in the reverse conductance mode as well. 8. The DC-AC inverter arrangement as claimed in claim 1, wherein the semiconductor bridge circuit is configured as an H-bridge for a single-phase output. 9. A photovoltaic installation, comprising: an AC or polyphase power supply system; and a plurality of solar cell modules, having a connection for feeding electrical energy produced by the solar cell modules to the AC or polyphase power supply system, and having a DC-AC inverter arrangement, wherein the DC-AC inverter arrangement includes a semiconductor bridge circuit, and a direct-current controller configured to produce half-cycles of an output-side AC voltage, and wherein the bridge circuit is connected downstream from the direct-current controller and is configured to act as a polarity changer on the half-cycles. 10. An AC-DC inverter arrangement with a feedback capability and having a semiconductor bridge circuit, wherein the semiconductor bridge circuit produces half-cycles of the same polarity from the input-side AC voltage, and further having a direct-current controller that is connected downstream from it in order to produce a smooth DC voltage from the half-cycles of the same polarity. 11. A DC-AC inverter arrangement as claimed in claim 1, wherein the DC-AC inverter is a solar cell inverter of a photovoltaic installation. 12. A DC-AC inverter arrangement as claimed in claim 10, wherein the direct-current controller includes a buck converter. 13. A DC-AC inverter arrangement as claimed in claim 10, wherein the direct-current controller includes a combination of a buck converter and a boost converter. 14. A DC-AC inverter arrangement as claimed in claim 10, wherein the direct-current controller includes a boost/buck converter. 