A junction box adapted to provide an electrical connection to an electrical wire attached to a photovoltaic panel. The junction box has a lower portion which has an entry slot to allow entry of the wire into the junction box and a raised protrusion over which the wire is bent and formed to be substantially in the same shape as the raised protrusion. The junction box also has a clamp adapted to be attachable to said lower portion, whereby the clamp holds the wire in place for providing the electrical connection. The wire is preferably bus ribbon. The lower portion preferably has an elastic polymeric element disposed between the raised portion and the wire. The raised protrusion may have an elastic polymeric element.
Claims 1. A junction box adapted to provide an electrical connection to an electrical wire attached to a photovoltaic panel, the junction box comprising: a lower portion including: an entry slot to allow entry of the wire into the junction box; and a raised protrusion over which the wire is bent and formed to be substantially in the same shape as the raised protrusion. 2. The junction box of claim 1, further comprising: a clamp attachable to said lower portion, whereby the clamp holds the wire in place for providing the electrical connection. 3. The junction box of claim 1, wherein said lower portion further includes an elastic polymeric element disposed between said raised portion and the wire. 4. The junction box of claim 1, wherein said raised protrusion includes an elastic polymeric element. 5. The junction box of claim 1, further comprising: an upper portion including a terminal, wherein said terminal operatively connects to an electrical load, wherein said terminal is adapted to be applied under pressure onto the wire, thereby conforming said terminal to be of substantially the same shape as said protrusion. 6. The junction box of claim 5, wherein the wire is bus ribbon. 7. The junction box of claim 5, wherein said terminal is spring loaded. 8. The junction box of claim 5, wherein said electrical load is selected from the group consisting of: a direct current (DC) to DC converter, a DC to alternating current (AC) inverter, a DC motor and a battery. 9. The junction box of claim 5, wherein said upper portion includes a fastener which closes said upper portion to said lower portion under said pressure. 10. The junction box of claim 5, wherein said upper portion includes a seal between said upper and lower portions, wherein said seal is adapted to seal under the same pressure which effects the electrical connection between said terminal and the wire. 11. The junction box of claim 5, wherein said upper portion includes a diode connected to said terminal. 12. The junction box of claim 11, wherein said diode is selectively either a bypass diode or a blocking diode. 13. The junction box of claim 5, wherein said upper portion includes an electronic module connected to said terminal. 14. The junction box of claim 5, wherein said upper portion includes a cable gland. 15. A method to provide a connection to a photovoltaic panel, the method comprising: passing a wire through an entry slot through a lower portion of a junction box; bending said wire over a raised protrusion provided in said lower portion of said junction box; forming said wire to be substantially the same shape as said raised protrusion; and clamping said wire onto said protrusion of said lower portion of said junction box 16. The method of claim 15 further comprising: inserting an upper portion of said junction box and during said inserting compressively loading a terminal to said wire, and conforming said terminal to the shape of the protrusion while electrically connecting to the wire between said terminal and the protrusion. 17. The method of claim 15, further comprising: inserting an elastic polymeric material between the protrusion and wire. 18. The method of claim 15, wherein said wire wire electrically connects to said photovoltaic panel. 19. The method of claim 15, wherein during said inserting, sealing said upper portion to said lower portion of the junction box. 20. The method of claim 16, wherein said compressively loading includes spring loading 