The disclosed embodiments increase the power generated by a photovoltaic (PV) array, when the PV panels within the PV array are not uniformly illuminated or oriented or when PV panels are mismatched (e.g., have varying performance characteristics) and/or operate at non-uniform temperatures. It also provides simpler interconnection and wiring of the elements (e.g., PV panels) of the array. A dc-dc converter comprised of a DC transformer is coupled to each PV panel in a photovoltaic array to generate an increased dc voltage from a lower dc voltage produced by the PV panel. The outputs of the dc-dc converters are connected in parallel to a dc bus, which distributes the resulting voltage. As a result, the energy generated by the PV array is increased, the costs of system design and installation are reduced, and it becomes feasible to install PV arrays in new locations such as on gabled or non-planar roofs.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic power generation system including a plurality of integrated photovoltaic modules whose outputs are connected in parallel to a bus, at least one of the integrated photovoltaic modules comprising: a photovoltaic panel configured to generate a first DC voltage at its output; and a dc transformer configured to receive the first DC voltage and output a second DC voltage, the dc transformer including: a transformer including a primary winding and a secondary winding; switching circuitry coupled between the output of the photovoltaic panel and the primary winding of the transformer, the switching circuitry configured to convert the first DC voltage to a first AC voltage at the primary winding of the transformer; and rectifier circuitry coupled between the secondary winding and the bus and configured to convert a second AC voltage across the secondary winding to the second DC voltage at the bus. 2. The photovoltaic power generation system of claim 1, wherein a ratio of the second DC voltage to the first DC voltage is substantially fixed. 3. The photovoltaic power generation system of claim 2, wherein the ratio of the second DC voltage to the first DC voltage is determined by a turns ratio of the secondary winding to the primary winding. 4. The photovoltaic power generation system of claim 1, wherein the switching circuitry is directly coupled to the primary winding of the transformer without an intervening capacitor. 5. The photovoltaic power generation system of claim 1, wherein a switching cycle of the switching circuitry includes a dead time during which the switching circuitry does not couple the first DC voltage to the primary winding. 6. The photovoltaic power generation system of claim 5, wherein the switching circuitry couples the first DC voltage to the primary winding for at least 95% of the switching cycle of the switching circuitry. 7. The photovoltaic power generation system of claim 1, wherein the rectifier circuitry is coupled directly to a shunt capacitor without an intervening inductor. 8. The photovoltaic power generation system of claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic panel is included in a building-integrated photovoltaic unit. 9. The photovoltaic power generation system of claim 8, wherein the building-integrated photovoltaic unit comprises a photovoltaic roof shingle. 10. The photovoltaic power generation system of claim 1, wherein the switching circuitry comprises a plurality of switching devices, and at least one of the switching devices is turned on to couple the output of the photovoltaic panel to the primary winding of the transformer when a voltage across said one of the switching devices is substantially zero. 11. The photovoltaic power generation system of claim 1, wherein the switching circuitry comprises a plurality of switching devices, and at least one of the switching devices is turned on to couple the output of the photovoltaic panel to the primary winding of the transformer after a diode coupled across said one of the switching devices becomes forward biased and starts conducting. 12. The photovoltaic power generation system of claim 1, wherein a switching cycle of the switching circuitry comprises a plurality of intervals, wherein: during a first interval of the switching cycle, a first subset of switches in the switching circuitry are active to couple the output of the photovoltaic panel to the primary winding of the transformer and a voltage across the primary winding has a first voltage value; during a second interval of the switching cycle, all switches in the switching circuitry are inactive to decouple the output of the photovoltaic panel from the primary winding of the transformer and the voltage across the primary winding transitions from the first voltage value to a second voltage value; and during a third interval of the switching cycle, a second subset of switches in the switching circuitry are active to couple the output of the photovoltaic panel to the primary winding of the transformer, the first subset of switches in the switching circuitry are inactive and the voltage across the primary winding has the second voltage value. 13. The photovoltaic power generation system of claim 12, wherein: during the first interval and the second interval of the switching cycle, a voltage across the secondary winding of the transformer has a third voltage value; and during the third interval of the switching cycle, the voltage across the secondary winding of the transformer has a fourth voltage value. 14. The photovoltaic power generation system of claim 12, wherein: during the first interval, a current across the secondary winding of the transformer has a first current value; during the second interval, the current across the secondary winding transitions from the first current value to a second current value; during the first interval and the second interval, a first subset of diodes in the rectifier circuit conduct to couple the secondary winding to the bus; and during the third interval, the current across the secondary winding has the second current value, a second subset of diodes in the rectifier circuit conduct to couple the secondary winding to the bus, and the first subset of diodes in the rectifier circuit are turned off. 15. The photovoltaic power generation system of claim 14, wherein the current across the secondary winding of the transformer is substantially continuous and does not include spikes exceeding the first current value or the second current value during the first interval, the second interval and the third interval. 16. The photovoltaic power generation system of claim 1, further comprising: a boost converter coupled between the photovoltaic panel and the dc transformer, the boost converter configured to increase the first dc voltage. 17. The photovoltaic power generation system of claim 16, wherein the boost converter is configured to increase the first dc voltage to a voltage that is substantially equal to a maximum open-circuit voltage of the photovoltaic panel. 18. The photovoltaic power generation system of claim 16, further comprising: a controller coupled to the switching circuitry, the boost converter and to the photovoltaic panel, the controller including: a maximum power point tracking (MPPT) module configured to detect a voltage and a current produced by the photovoltaic panel and generate a reference. 19. The photovoltaic power generation system of claim 18, wherein the reference is a voltage reference and the controller further comprises: a feedback loop coupled to the MPPT module, the feedback loop configured to generate a control signal based on a difference between the first dc voltage and the reference, the control signal for modifying a duty cycle of the boost converter. 20. The photovoltaic power generation system of claim 18, wherein the reference is a current reference and the controller further comprises: a feedback loop coupled to the MPPT module, the feedback loop configured to generate a control signal based on a difference between a dc current from the photovoltaic panel and the reference, the control signal for modifying a duty cycle of the boost converter. 21. The photovoltaic power generation system of claim 1, further comprising: a buck-boost converter coupled between the photovoltaic panel and the dc transformer, the buck-boost converter configured to modify the first dc voltage. 22. A photovoltaic power generation system comprising: a first integrated photovoltaic module including a first photovoltaic panel configured to generate a first dc voltage at its output, the output of the first photovoltaic panel coupled to a first dc transformer configured to receive the first dc voltage and generate an output dc voltage; a second integrated photovoltaic module including a second photovoltaic panel configured to generate a second dc voltage at its output, the output of the second photovoltaic panel coupled to a second dc transformer configured to receive the second dc voltage and generate said output dc voltage, and wherein the outputs of the first integrated photovoltaic module and the second integrated photovoltaic module are coupled in parallel to a dc bus. 23. The photovoltaic power generation system of claim 22, further comprising: an inverter coupled to the dc bus, the inverter generating an ac voltage from said output dc voltage. 24. The photovoltaic power generation system of claim 23, wherein the first dc transformer comprises: a transformer including a primary winding and a secondary winding; switching circuitry coupled between the output of the first photovoltaic panel and the primary winding of the transformer, the switching circuitry configured to convert the first dc voltage to a first dc voltage at the primary winding of the transformer; and rectifier circuitry coupled between the secondary winding and the dc bus and configured to convert a second ac voltage across the secondary winding to the output DC voltage at the dc bus. 25. The photovoltaic power generation system of claim 24, wherein a ratio of the output dc voltage to the first dc voltage is substantially fixed. 26. The photovoltaic power generation system of claim 24, wherein the switching circuitry comprises a plurality of switching devices, and at least one of the switching devices couples the output of the first photovoltaic panel to the primary winding of the transformer when a voltage across said one of the switching devices is substantially zero. 27. The photovoltaic power generation system of claim 24, wherein the switching circuitry comprises a plurality of switching devices, and at least one of the switching devices couples the output of the first photovoltaic panel to the primary winding of the transformer after a diode coupled across said one of the switching devices becomes forward biased and starts conducting. 28. The photovoltaic power generation system of claim 24, wherein a switching cycle of the switching circuitry comprises a plurality of intervals, wherein: during a first interval of the switching cycle, a first subset of switches in the switching circuitry are active to couple the output of the first photovoltaic panel to the primary winding of the transformer and a voltage across the primary winding has a first voltage value; during a second interval of the switching cycle, all switches in the switching circuitry are inactive to decouple the output of the first photovoltaic panel from the primary winding of the transformer and the voltage across the primary winding transitions from the first voltage value to a second voltage value; and during a third interval of the switching cycle, a second subset of switches in the switching circuitry are active to couple the output of the first photovoltaic panel to the primary winding of the transformer, the first subset of switches in the switching circuitry are inactive and the voltage across the primary winding has the second voltage value. 29. The photovoltaic power generation system of claim 28, wherein: during the first interval and the second interval of the switching cycle, a voltage across the secondary winding of the transformer has a third voltage value; and during the third interval of the switching cycle, the voltage across the secondary winding of the transformer has a fourth voltage value. 30. The photovoltaic power generation system of claim 28, wherein: during the first interval, a current across the secondary winding of the transformer has a first current value; during the second interval, the current across the secondary winding transitions from the first current value to a second current value; during the first interval and the second interval, a first subset of diodes in the rectifier circuit conduct to couple the secondary winding to the dc bus; and during the third interval, the current across the secondary winding has the second current value, a second subset of diodes in the rectifier circuit conduct to couple the secondary winding to the dc bus, and the first subset of diodes in the rectifier circuit are turned off. 31. The photovoltaic power generation system of claim 30, wherein the current across the secondary winding of the transformer is substantially continuous and does not include spikes exceeding the first current value or the second current value during the first interval, the second interval and the third interval. 32. The photovoltaic power generation system of claim 22, further comprising: a boost converter coupled between the first photovoltaic panel and the first dc transformer, the boost converter configured to increase the first dc voltage. 33. The photovoltaic power generation system of claim 32, wherein the boost converter is configured to increase the first dc voltage to a voltage that is substantially equal to a maximum open-circuit voltage of the first photovoltaic panel. 34. The photovoltaic power generation system of claim 32, further comprising: a controller coupled to the switching circuitry, the boost converter and to the first photovoltaic panel, the controller including: a maximum power point tracking (MPPT) module configured to detect a voltage and a current produced by the first photovoltaic panel and generate a reference. 35. The photovoltaic power generation system of claim 34, wherein the reference is a voltage reference and the controller further comprises: a feedback loop coupled to the MPPT module, the feedback loop configured to generate a control signal based on a difference between the first dc voltage and the reference, the control signal for modifying a duty cycle of the boost converter. 36. The photovoltaic power generation system of claim 34, wherein the reference is a current reference and the controller further comprises: a feedback loop coupled to the MPPT module, the feedback loop configured to generate a control signal based on a difference between a dc current from the first photovoltaic panel and the reference, the control signal for modifying a duty cycle of the boost converter. 37. The photovoltaic power generation system of claim 22, further comprising: a buck-boost converter coupled between the first photovoltaic panel and the dc transformer, the buck-boost converter configured to modify the first dc voltage. 