Snap-in mounting systems for laminate solar panels are provided. The laminate solar panels can include laminate strips that can be snapped into mounting rails. The mounting rails may be coupled to racking rails for structural support and may include locking mechanisms for additional support and theft deterrence. An entire system may include a number of racking rails, mounting rails, and solar panels.
Claims 1. A solar panel racking system, comprising: a solar module comprising a laminate solar panel and at least one laminate strip fixedly coupled along a proximal side to a first side of the laminate solar panel, wherein the at least one laminate strip comprises two extended portions, and wherein the distal end of each one of the two extended portions comprises a notch; and at least one mounting rail comprising two sidewalls, wherein each one of the two sidewalls is configured to detachably couple to the notch of a respective one of the two extended portions. 2. The solar panel racking system of claim 1, wherein the at least one laminate strip comprises at least one of steel, aluminum, and plastic. 3. The solar panel racking system of claim 1, wherein the at least one laminate strip comprises a composite material. 4. The solar panel racking system of claim 1, wherein the at least one laminate strip is coupled to the laminate solar panel with an adhesive. 5. The solar panel racking system of claim 4, wherein the adhesive comprises at least one of a silicone bonding material and double-sided tape. 6. The solar panel racking system of claim 1, wherein the proximal side of the at least one laminate strip is roughened prior to coupling to the first side of the laminate solar panel. 7. The solar panel racking system of claim 1, further comprising a locking mechanism. 8. The solar panel racking system of claim 7, wherein the locking mechanism comprises a fastener configured to apply a compressive stress to the two sidewalls of the at least one mounting rail, and herein the compressive stress locks the at least one laminate strip to the at least one mounting rail. 9. The solar panel racking system of claim 8, wherein the fastener comprises a bolt. 10. The solar panel racking system of claim 8, wherein the fastener comprises a locking bolt that requires at least one of a key, a keyed driver bit, and a combination to unlock the locking bolt. 11. The solar panel of claim 7, wherein the locking mechanism comprises a clamping rail lock coupled to the distal ends of the two sidewalls of the at least one mounting rail. 12. The solar panel racking system of claim 1, further comprising a racking rail coupled to the proximal end of the at least one mounting rail. 13. The solar panel of claim 12, wherein the racking rail is coupled to the proximal end of the at least one mounting rail with a self-drilling screw. 14. The solar panel racking system of claim 12, wherein the racking rail comprises a pipe. 15. The solar panel racking system of claim 12, wherein the racking rail comprises a roll formed structure. 16. A solar panel racking system, comprising: a plurality of racking rails; a plurality of mounting rails, wherein the proximal end of each mounting rail of the plurality of mounting rails is coupled to a respective racking rail of the plurality of racking rails; a plurality of laminate strips; and a plurality of laminate solar modules, wherein each laminate solar module of the plurality of laminate solar modules is coupled to the proximal end of a respective laminate strip of the plurality of laminate strips, and wherein the distal end of each laminate strip of the plurality of laminate strips is configured to couple to the distal end of a respective mounting rail of the plurality of mounting rails. 17. The solar panel racking system of claim 16, wherein at least one racking rail of the plurality of racking rails comprises at least one of a pipe and a roll formed structure. 18. The solar panel racking system of claim 16, wherein at least one mounting rail of the plurality of mounting rails is formed by at least one of an extrusion process and a roll forming process. 19. The solar panel racking system of claim 16, wherein the distal end of each laminate strip of the plurality of laminate strips comprises a notch, wherein the distal end of each mounting rail of the plurality of mounting rails comprises a clip structure, and wherein the notch of each laminate strip of the plurality of laminate strips is configured to be coupled to the clip structure of a respective mounting rail of the plurality of mounting rails. 20. The solar panel racking system of claim 19, wherein the notches of the plurality of laminate strips and the corresponding clip structures of the plurality of mounting rails are formed together from corresponding molds in an injection molding process. 21. The solar panel racking system of claim 16, wherein each mounting rail of the plurality of mounting rails comprises two sidewalls, and wherein the two sidewalls of a particular mounting rail of the plurality of mounting rails are configured to be forced apart to allow a particular laminate strip of the plurality of laminate strips to be decoupled from the particular mounting rail. 22. The solar panel racking system of claim 21, wherein the two sidewalls of the particular mounting rail are configured to be forced apart by a tool, wherein the tool comprises an oval shape with flat edges perpendicular to a major axis of the tool, and wherein the length of a minor axis of the tool is less than the space between the two sidewalls of the particular mounting rail. 23. A snap-in laminate solar module, comprising: a laminate solar module; a plurality of laminate strips coupled to a first side of the laminate solar module, wherein the plurality of laminate strips are configured to snap into a plurality of mounting rails, and wherein the plurality of mounting rails provide structural support to the laminate solar module. 24. A solar panel racking system, comprising: a solar module comprising a laminate solar panel mounted in a frame; at least one mounting clip fixedly coupled along a proximal side to a first side of the frame; and at least one mounting rail configured to detachably couple to the at least one mounting clip. 