A photovoltaic panel cartridge for mounting a plurality of photovoltaic panels and method of its construction are described. The photovoltaic panel cartridge is formed from a unitary frame with internal beams and struts for stability. The photovoltaic panels are inserted into channels within the frame, struts, and/or the internal beams in order to be mounted to the photovoltaic panel cartridge and secured to mounting regions on a different one of the frame, struts, and/or internal beams. The photovoltaic panel cartridge is configured to be stacked upon similarly configured photovoltaic panel cartridges for ease in transport and to reduce damage to the photovoltaic panels during transport. The photovoltaic panel cartridge may be slidably mounted to rails of a support structure.
Claims 1. A cartridge for mounting a plurality of photovoltaic panels thereon comprising: a frame; at least a first strut transversely mounted to a first side of the frame and a second side of the frame, opposite the first side, wherein a first mounting channel is provided on one of the frame and the first strut, and a first mounting region is provided on the other of the frame and the first strut. 2. The cartridge according to claim 1, further comprising a central beam transversely mounted to the first side of the frame and the second side of the frame, wherein the central beam is mounted such that the first strut is provided between the central beam and a third side of the frame, wherein a second mounting channel is provided on one of the central beam and the first strut, and a second mounting region is provided on the other of the central beam and first strut. 3. The cartridge according to claim 2, further comprising a second strut transversely mounted to the first side of the frame and the second side of the frame, wherein the second strut is mounted such that the second strut is provided between the central beam and a fourth side of the frame, wherein a third mounting channel is provided on one of the central beam and the second strut and a third mounting region is provided on the other of the central beam and the second strut, and wherein a fourth mounting channel is provided on one of the frame and the second strut and a fourth mounting region is provided on the other of the frame and the second strut. 4. The cartridge according to claim 1, wherein the frame is formed from one continuous frame blank. 5. The cartridge according to claim 1, wherein the frame comprises: a first side; a second side, opposite the first side, wherein the first side and the second side are of equal lengths; a third side; a fourth side opposite the third side, wherein the third side and fourth side are of equal lengths. 6. The cartridge according to claim 5, wherein the first side, second side, third side, and fourth side are of equal lengths. 7. The cartridge according to claim 1, wherein the frame comprises a longitudinal extent and a reinforced area, wherein the reinforced area is provided along the longitudinal extent. 8. The cartridge according to claim 1, wherein the first strut comprises a longitudinal extent and a reinforced area, wherein the reinforced area is provided along the longitudinal extent. 9. The cartridge according to claim 2, wherein the central beam comprises a longitudinal extent and a reinforced area, wherein the reinforced area is provided along the longitudinal extent. 10. The cartridge according to claim 2, wherein a top surface of at least one of the frame, first strut, and central beam comprise a reinforced area. 11. The cartridge according to claim 3, wherein the first strut and the second strut are configured to attach to corresponding cartridge mounting rails associated with a support structure. 12. The cartridge according to claim 11, wherein the frame has first and second notches corresponding to a first location and a second location where the first strut is mounted to the frame and third and fourth notches corresponding to a third location and a fourth location where the second strut is mounted to the frame, wherein the notches are configured to allow the frame to move over the cartridge mounting rails. 13. The cartridge according to claim 1, further comprising a first photovoltaic panel mounted to the cartridge, wherein a first longitudinal side of the first photovoltaic panel is inserted into the mounting channel and a second longitudinal side of the first photovoltaic panel, opposite the first longitudinal side, rests in the mounting region. 14. The cartridge according to claim 3, further comprising: a first photovoltaic panel mounted to the cartridge, wherein a first longitudinal side of the first photovoltaic panel is inserted into the mounting channel and a second longitudinal side of the first photovoltaic panel, opposite the first longitudinal side, rests in the mounting region; a second photovoltaic panel mounted to the cartridge, wherein a third longitudinal side of the second photovoltaic panel is inserted into the second mounting channel and a fourth longitudinal side of the second photovoltaic panel, opposite the third longitudinal side, rests in the second mounting region; a third photovoltaic panel mounted to the cartridge, wherein a fifth longitudinal side of the third photovoltaic panel is inserted into the third mounting channel and a sixth longitudinal side of the third photovoltaic panel, opposite the fifth longitudinal side, rests in the third mounting region; and a fourth photovoltaic panel mounted to the cartridge, wherein a seventh longitudinal side of the fourth photovoltaic panel is inserted into the fourth mounting channel and a eighth longitudinal side of the fourth photovoltaic panel, opposite the seventh longitudinal side, rests in the fourth mounting region. 15. The cartridge according to claim 3, further comprising eight photovoltaic panels mounted therein. 16. The cartridge according to claim 15, wherein: a first longitudinal side of the first photovoltaic panel and a first longitudinal side of the second photovoltaic panel are inserted into the first mounting channel and a second longitudinal side of the first photovoltaic panel and a second longitudinal side of the second photovoltaic panel opposite their respective first longitudinal sides are secured in the first mounting region; a first longitudinal side of the third photovoltaic panel and a first longitudinal side of the fourth photovoltaic panel are inserted into the second mounting channel and a second longitudinal side of the third photovoltaic panel and a second longitudinal side of the fourth photovoltaic panel opposite their respective first longitudinal sides are secured in the second mounting region; a first longitudinal side of the fifth photovoltaic panel and a first longitudinal side of the sixth photovoltaic panel are inserted into the third mounting channel and a second longitudinal side of the fifth photovoltaic panel and a second longitudinal side of the sixth photovoltaic panel opposite their respective first longitudinal sides are secured in the third mounting region; and a first longitudinal side of the seventh photovoltaic panel and a first longitudinal side of the eighth photovoltaic panel are inserted into the fourth mounting channel and a second longitudinal side of the seventh photovoltaic panel and a second longitudinal side of the eighth photovoltaic panel opposite their respective first longitudinal sides are secured in the fourth mounting region. 17. The cartridge according to claim 3, wherein: the first mounting region and the fourth mounting region are provided on the frame; the first mounting channel and the second mounting channel are provided on the first strut; the second mounting region and the third mounting region are provided on the central beam; and the third mounting channel and the fourth mounting channel are provided on the second strut. 18. The cartridge according to claim 3, wherein: the first mounting channel and the fourth mounting channel are provided on the frame; the first mounting region and the second mounting region are provided on the first strut; the second mounting channel and the third mounting channel are provided on the central beam; and the third mounting region and the fourth mounting region are provided on the second strut. 19. The cartridge according to claim 11, wherein each strut is configured to move along its corresponding cartridge mounting rail. 20. The cartridge according to claim 19, wherein each strut comprises a plurality of wheel assemblies configured to allow the cartridge to move along the cartridge mounting rails. 21. The cartridge according to claim 13, further comprising at least one bracket for securing the first photovoltaic panel to the cartridge, wherein the at least one bracket is fastened adjacent the mounting region. 22. The cartridge according to claim 21, wherein the at least one bracket is fastened adjacent the mounting region using at least one of screws, bolts, rivets, and welds. 23. The cartridge according to claim 1, wherein the frame is provided a nesting channel, wherein the nesting channel is configured to allow a frame of a second cartridge to seat within the nesting channel to allow the cartridge to be stackable. 24. The cartridge according to claim 3, wherein the central beam and struts are fastened to the frame by at least one of screws, bolts, rivets, and welds. 25. The cartridge according to claim 1, wherein the first strut comprises a first opposed arm and a second opposed arm, wherein the first opposed arm is configured to face a first side of a mounting rail and the second opposed arm is configured to face a second side of the mounting rail opposite the first side. 26. The cartridge according to claim 1, wherein the first strut comprises a pair of opposed arms that are configured to wrap around a T-shaped cartridge mounting rail. 27. The cartridge according to claim 25, wherein the first strut is provided the mounting channel, and further wherein an angled portion of the first opposed arm defines a first side of the first mounting channel and is configured to allow a photovoltaic panel to be inserted into the first mounting channel at an angle. 28. The cartridge according to claim 1, wherein the first strut is provided the first mounting channel and a second mounting channel, wherein the first mounting channel is configured to receive the first side of the photovoltaic panel and the second mounting channel is configured to receive a first side of a second photovoltaic panel. 29. The cartridge according to claim 1, wherein the frame comprises a first height and the first strut comprises a second height less than the first height. 30. A method of constructing a cartridge for mounting a plurality of photovoltaic panels comprising: providing a rectangular frame comprising: a first side; a second side, opposite the first side, wherein the first side and the second side are of equal lengths; a third side; a fourth side opposite the third side, wherein the third side and fourth side are of equal lengths; transversely attaching at least a first strut to the frame, wherein the first strut is mounted to the first side of the frame and the second side of the frame; providing a first mounting channel on one of the third side of the frame and the first strut; providing a first mounting region on the other of the third side of the frame and the first strut, wherein a photovoltaic panel is mountable to the cartridge by inserting a first longitudinal side of the photovoltaic panel into the first mounting channel and securing a second longitudinal side of the photovoltaic panel to the first mounting region. 31. The method of claim 30, further comprising: providing a frame blank; and bending the frame blank to form the rectangular frame. 32. The method of claim 30, further comprising transversely attaching a second strut to the first side and the second side of the frame. 33. The method of claim 32, further comprising transversely attaching a central beam to the frame, wherein the central beam is positioned between the first and second struts 34. The method according to claim 30, further comprising inserting a photovoltaic panel into the first mounting channel. 35. The method according to claim 34, wherein the photovoltaic panel is inserted into the first mounting channel at an angle of between approximately 30.degree. and approximately 60.degree.. 36. The method according to claim 34, further comprising seating the photovoltaic panel into the first mounting region. 37. The method according to claim 33, further comprising inserting a first side of a photovoltaic panel into a second mounting channel provided on one of the central beam and the first strut. 38. The method according to claim 37, further comprising seating a second side of the photovoltaic panel opposite the first side into a second mounting region provided on the other of the central beam and the first strut. 39. The method according to claim 36, further comprising fastening at least one bracket adjacent to the first mounting region in order to secure the photovoltaic panel to the cartridge. 40. The method according to claim 30, wherein the first strut is attached to the frame by at least one of screws, bolts, rivets, and welds. 41. The method according to claim 33, wherein the central beam is attached to the frame by at least one of screws, bolts, rivets, and welds. 42. The method according to claim 30, further comprising notching the frame blank to allow the cartridge to travel along at least one cartridge mounting rail. 43. The method according to claim 42, wherein the first strut is attached in alignment with the notches. 44. The method according to claim 31, further comprising forming bend notches in the frame blank to allow the frame blank to be bent to form the frame. 45. The method according to claim 44, further comprising welding a first end of the frame blank to a second end of the frame blank to form the rectangular frame. 46. A method of installing a cartridge for mounting photovoltaic panels onto a support structure comprising: providing a cartridge comprising: a frame comprising: a first side; a second side, opposite the first side, wherein the first side and the second side are of equal lengths; a third side; a fourth side opposite the third side, wherein the third side and fourth side are of equal lengths. a first strut and second strut transversely mounted to the first side and the second side of the frame; wherein a photovoltaic panel is mountable to the cartridge by inserting a first side of the photovoltaic panel into a first mounting channel provided on one of the first strut and the frame and securing a second side of the photovoltaic panel to a first mounting region provided on the other of the frame and the first strut; affixing said first strut to a first cartridge mounting rail; affixing said second strut to a second cartridge mounting rail; sliding said cartridge to a mounting location along said cartridge mounting rails. 47. The method according to claim 46, wherein said affixing step is accomplished by lowering said cartridge onto said cartridge mounting rail in a vertical direction. 48. The method according to claim 46, wherein said affixing step is accomplished by sliding said cartridge onto said cartridge mounting rail in a horizontal direction. 49. The method according to claim 46, further comprising inserting a fastener through said first strut and into said first cartridge mounting rail to secure the cartridge at the mounting location. 50. The method according to claim 46, wherein said cartridge mounting rails have a T-shaped cross section. 51. The method according to claim 46, wherein said cartridge mounting rails have a rectangular cross section. 52. The method according to claim 50, wherein the struts comprise opposed arms that are configured to wrap around the top of the T-shaped cartridge mounting rails. 53. The method according to claim 50, wherein the struts comprise opposed arms that define a generally U-shaped cross section. 54. The method according to claim 50, wherein the struts comprise a plurality of wheel assemblies that permit the cartridge to roll along the cartridge mounting rails. 55. A system for transporting a plurality of cartridges for mounting photovoltaic panels comprising: a first cartridge comprising: a first frame comprising: a first side; a second side, opposite the first side, wherein the first side and the second side are of equal lengths; a third side; a fourth side opposite the third side, wherein the third side and fourth side are of equal lengths; a nesting channel formed along the first, second, third, and fourth sides of the frame; a first strut transversely mounted to the first side and the second side of the frame; wherein a first mounting channel is provided on one of the first strut and the first frame, and a first mounting region is provided on the other of the first frame and the first strut; and a second cartridge comprising: a second frame comprising: a fifth side; a sixth side, opposite the fifth side, wherein the fifth side and the sixth side are of equal lengths; a seventh side; a eighth side opposite the seventh side, wherein the seventh side and eighth side are of equal lengths. a second strut transversely mounted to the fifth side and the sixth side of the frame; wherein a second mounting channel is provided on one of the second strut and the second frame, and a second mounting region is provided on the other of the second frame and the second strut; wherein the second frame is configured to seat onto the nesting channel of the first frame to facilitate stacking of the first and second cartridges. 56. The system of claim 55, wherein the fifth, sixth, seventh, and eighth sides of the second frame comprise longitudinal extents with a reinforced area provided along the longitudinal extents of each of the sides. 57. The system of claim 56, wherein the reinforced area is provided along a bottom portion of the fifth, sixth, seventh, and eighth sides of the second frame and is configured to seat onto the nesting channel of the first frame. 