A solar support structure includes a plurality of sections, each section including a channel member having a flat major wall and opposed side walls extending therefrom. The major wall of each section is covered with a thin film solar laminate and each section further includes an electrical connection box positioned adjacent one end and electrically coupled to the thin film solar laminate. The sections are formed into a roof panel by channel-shaped beams attached to opposed ends of each section and the beams mount the sections in a parallel abutting relationship. Columns are affixed to the beams and mount the roof panel in a desired orientation relative to an underlying surface. Electrical wiring from the boxes is positioned in one of the beams and extends into one of the columns.
Claims 1. A solar support structure comprising: a plurality of sections, each section including a channel member having a flat major wall and opposed side walls extending therefrom, the major wall being substantially covered with a thin film solar laminate, each section further including an electrical connection box positioned adjacent one end and electrically coupled to the thin film solar laminate; the plurality of sections being formed into at least one roof panel by channel-shaped beams attached to opposed ends of each section of the plurality of sections, the channel-shaped beams mounting the plurality of sections in a parallel abutting relationship; and a plurality of columns affixed to the beams and mounting the at least one roof panel in a desired orientation relative to an underlying surface, electrical wiring from the electrical connection boxes positioned in at least one of the channel-shaped beams and extending into at least one of the plurality of columns. 2. A solar support structure as claimed in claim 1 wherein the channel member of each section of the plurality of sections is formed of steel flat stock. 3. A solar support structure as claimed in claim 2 wherein the steel flat stock is approximately 20 gauge. 4. A solar support structure as claimed in claim 1 wherein each section of the plurality of sections includes a channel member having a flat major wall, opposed side walls extending perpendicularly from each edge of the major wall, and flanges extending perpendicularly from each of the opposed side walls inwardly toward each other. 5. A solar support structure as claimed in claim 1 wherein each of the channel-shaped beams has a flat major wall, opposed side walls extending perpendicularly from each edge of the major wall, and flanges extending perpendicularly from each of the opposed side walls inwardly toward each other. 6. A solar support structure as claimed in claim 5 wherein each of the plurality of columns includes a pair of channel shaped beams mounted in parallel with flanges of each beam abutting and affixed together. 7. A solar support structure as claimed in claim 6 wherein at least one different column of the plurality of columns is affixed to each of the channel-shaped beams. 8. A solar support structure comprising: a plurality of sections, each section including a channel member having a flat major wall and opposed side walls extending therefrom, the major wall being substantially covered with a thin film solar laminate, each section further including an electrical connection box positioned adjacent one end and electrically coupled to the thin film solar laminate; the plurality of sections being formed into two roof panels, each roof panel including a portion of the plurality of sections, each roof panel including two channel-shaped beams attached to opposed ends of each section of the portion of the plurality of sections, the channel-shaped beams mounting the portion of the plurality of sections in a parallel abutting relationship; and a plurality of columns mounting the two roof panels in an adjacent and end-to-end orientation and in a desired orientation relative to an underlying surface, electrical wiring from the electrical connection boxes positioned in at least one of the channel-shaped beams and extending into at least one of the plurality of columns. 9. A solar support structure as claimed in claim 8 wherein the channel member of each section of the plurality of sections is formed of steel flat stock. 10. A solar support structure as claimed in claim 9 wherein the steel flat stock is approximately 20 gauge. 11. A solar support structure as claimed in claim 8 wherein each section of the plurality of sections includes a channel member having a flat major wall, opposed side walls extending perpendicularly from each edge of the major wall, and flanges extending perpendicularly from each of the opposed side walls inwardly toward each other. 12. A solar support structure as claimed in claim 8 wherein each of the channel-shaped beams has a flat major wall, opposed side walls extending perpendicularly from each edge of the major wall, and flanges extending perpendicularly from each of the opposed side walls inwardly toward each other. 13. A solar support structure as claimed in claim 12 wherein each of the plurality of columns includes a pair of channel shaped beams mounted in parallel with flanges of each beam abutting and affixed together. 14. A solar support structure as claimed in claim 13 wherein at least one different column of the plurality of columns is affixed to each of the channel-shaped beams. 15. A solar support structure comprising: a plurality of sections, each section including a channel member having a flat major wall, opposed side walls extending perpendicularly from each edge of the major wall, and flanges extending perpendicularly from each of the opposed side walls inwardly toward each other, the major wall being substantially covered with a thin film solar laminate, each section further including an electrical connection box positioned adjacent one end and electrically coupled to the thin film solar laminate; the plurality of sections being separated into a first portion and a second portion, the first portion formed into a first roof panel by two channel-shaped beams attached to opposed ends of the first portion and the second portion formed into a second roof panel by two different channel-shaped beams attached to opposed ends of the second portion, each of the channel-shaped beams having a flat major wall, opposed side walls extending perpendicularly from each edge of the major wall, and flanges extending perpendicularly from each of the opposed side walls inwardly toward each other, and the channel-shaped beams mounting the sections of each of the first and second portions in a parallel abutting relationship; and a plurality of columns affixed to the channel-shaped beams so as to mount the two roof panels in an adjacent and end-to-end orientation and in a desired orientation relative to an underlying surface, electrical wiring from the electrical connection boxes extending between two of the channel-shaped beams positioned between the two roof panels and extending into at least one of the plurality of columns connected to the two channel-shaped beams. 