A solar roofing system is described that is adapted for managing the flow of water down a roof. The system includes at least one roofing panel adapted for supporting photovoltaic material and at least one splice plate for interconnecting adjacent roofing panels. The roofing panels have a trough adapted for receiving water flowing down the roof and redistributing the water away from the splice plate. Anchoring clips secure roofing panels to the roof and space roofing panels from the roof for improved air circulation beneath the panels. Closure assemblies are used at edges of roofing panels to conceal electrical wiring from photovoltaic material sheets and to close off edge gaps formed by a terraced roofing system.
Claims 1. A closure assembly for the side of a roofing panel mounted to a roof, the closure assembly comprising: a cover support including an apron with an edge for extending under the roofing panel; a slot housing connected to an opposite edge of the apron, the slot housing defining a slot for receiving an edge of the roofing panel; and a pocket housing disposed above the slot housing and defining a pocket for receiving an edge of a receiving flange of the roofing panel. 2. The closure assembly of claim 1 further comprising a cover for mounting on the cover support, the cover comprising: a hem for engaging the cover mounting flange; a cover box extending away from the hem; and an apron extending from the cover box. 3. The closure assembly of claim 1 further comprising a tab extending from a downstream edge of the apron wherein the tab is configured to extend into a trough of a downstream roofing panel to allow water to flow away from the closure assembly. 4. The closure assembly of claim 1 further comprising an inclined apron extension at an upstream edge of the apron to prevent water flow off of the apron in an upstream direction. 5. The closure assembly of claim 1 wherein the cover conceals electrical wiring of photovoltaic material disposed on the roofing panel. 