The present invention discloses a photovoltaic module and a support thereof. The photovoltaic module comprises a photovoltaic cell laminate and a support adapted to be mounted onto an installation surface. The support is connected to a back surface of the photovoltaic cell laminate and comprises a first connecting portion close to a front side of the photovoltaic cell laminate and a second connecting portion disposed close to a back side of the photovoltaic cell laminate. When a plurality of photovoltaic modules is mounted onto the installation surface, the first connecting portion of one photovoltaic module is engaged with the second connecting portion of another adjacent photovoltaic module, so that a relative position of the photovoltaic module and another adjacent photovoltaic module is maintained and the plurality of photovoltaic modules is mounted onto the installation surface.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic module comprising: a photovoltaic cell laminate, and a support adapted to be mounted onto an installation surface, wherein the support includes a supporting portion defining a support face for supporting a back surface of the photovoltaic cell laminate, a first connecting portion integrally extending from said supporting portion in a first direction and close to a front side of the photovoltaic cell laminate, and a second connecting portion integrally extending from said supporting portion in a second direction opposite to said first direction and disposed close to a back side of the photovoltaic cell laminate, and when a plurality of photovoltaic modules is mounted onto the installation surface, the first connecting portion of one photovoltaic module is overlappingly connected with the second connecting portion of another adjacent photovoltaic module so that a relative position of the photovoltaic module and another adjacent photovoltaic module is maintained and the plurality of photovoltaic modules is mounted onto the installation surface. 2. The photovoltaic module according to claim 1, wherein the first connecting portion has a first fixing portion, the second connecting portion has a second fixing portion corresponding to the first fixing portion, the first fixing portion and the second fixing portion cooperate with each other and are locked so that the first connecting portion of one photovoltaic module is engaged with the second connecting portion of another adjacent photovoltaic module and a relative position of the first and second connecting portions engaged is restricted. 3. The photovoltaic module according to claim 2, comprising at least two first fixing portions and the second fixing portions having at least the same number corresponding to the number of the first fixing portions, and wherein the first fixing portions are respectively disposed at opposite sides of the first connecting portion, the second fixing portions are respectively disposed at opposite sides of the second connecting portion, at least one of the first and second fixing portions is a resilient structure, and when the first connecting portion of one photovoltaic module is engaged with the second connecting portion of another adjacent photovoltaic module, the resilient structure is first pressed by the other of the first and second fixing portions and is deformed resiliently, then the resilient structure is returned resiliently due to release of the press and is thus locked. 4. The photovoltaic module according to claim 1, wherein the first connecting portion has a protrusion protruding downwardly from a top side thereof, the second connecting portion defines a second mounting hole corresponding to the protrusion, and when the first connecting portion of one photovoltaic module is engaged with the second connecting portion of another adjacent photovoltaic module, the protrusion of the first connecting portion of the photovoltaic module is inserted into the second mounting hole of another adjacent photovoltaic module. 5. The photovoltaic module according to claim 4, wherein a first mounting hole is defined through the protrusion of the first connecting portion. 6. The photovoltaic module according to claim 1, wherein the support further comprises a transition portion connecting the supporting portion and the second connecting portion, and when the photovoltaic module is mounted onto the installation surface, the first connecting portion and the second connecting portion cooperate with the installation surface while the supporting portion and the transition portion are tilted relative to the installation surface so that the photovoltaic cell laminate is mounted tiltedly with its front side close to the installation surface and its back side far from the installation surface. 7. The photovoltaic module according to claim 6, wherein the supporting portion has a receiving groove at a side thereof for affixing the photovoltaic cell laminate. 8. The photovoltaic module according to claim 1, wherein each of the photovoltaic modules comprises at least two supports, and the at least two supports are in a longitudinal shape extending in a front-to-back direction and are arranged separately in a left-to-right direction at the back surface of the photovoltaic cell laminate. 9. The photovoltaic module according to claim 1, further comprising a ballast, and wherein when the plurality of photovoltaic modules is mounted onto the installation surface and the first connecting portion of one photovoltaic module is engaged with the second connecting portion of another adjacent photovoltaic module, the ballast is fixed on a location where the first connecting portion and the second connecting portion are engaged. 10. The photovoltaic module according to claim 9, wherein a mounting hole is defined in the ballast, and the ballast is fixed on a location where the first connecting portion and the second connecting portion are engaged via a pin extending through the mounting hole. 11. The photovoltaic module according to claim 10, wherein the ballast has a plurality of supporting posts at the bottom thereof, and when the photovoltaic module is mounted onto the installation surface, the supporting posts are supported on the installation surface. 12. The photovoltaic module according to claim 6, wherein when the plurality of photovoltaic modules is stacked, the support of one photovoltaic module is supported on the support of another adjacent photovoltaic module, and the photovoltaic cell laminate of each photovoltaic module is not extruded by other photovoltaic modules in stack. 13. The photovoltaic module according to claim 12, wherein the support comprises a first upper restricting portion, a first lower restricting portion, a second upper restricting portion and a second lower restricting portion, the first upper restricting portion and the first lower restricting portion being configured to be beyond the front side of the photovoltaic cell laminate, and the second upper restricting portion and the second lower restricting portion being configured to be beyond the back side of the photovoltaic cell laminate, and wherein when the plurality of photovoltaic modules is stacked, the first upper restricting portion of one photovoltaic module leans against the first lower restricting portion of another adjacent photovoltaic module, and the second upper restricting portion of one photovoltaic module leans against the second lower restricting portion of another adjacent photovoltaic module so that movement of the photovoltaic module relative to another adjacent photovoltaic module in a front-to-back direction is restricted. 14. The photovoltaic module according to claim 13, wherein the first upper restricting portion and the second upper restricting portion are disposed at a top of the support, the first upper restricting portion having a backward restricting surface and the second upper restricting portion having a forward restricting surface, and the first lower restricting portion and the second lower restricting portion are disposed at a bottom of the support, the first lower restricting portion having a forward restricting surface and the second lower restricting portion having a backward restricting surface, and wherein when the plurality of photovoltaic modules is stacked, the restricting surface of the first upper restricting portion of one photovoltaic module leans against the restricting surface of the first lower restricting portion of another adjacent photovoltaic module, and the restricting surface of the second upper restricting portion of one photovoltaic module leans against the restricting surface of the second lower restricting portion of another adjacent photovoltaic module. 15. The photovoltaic module according to claim 13, wherein the first upper restricting portion and the first lower restricting portion are close to a junction of the first connecting portion and the supporting portion, and the second upper restricting portion and the second lower restricting portion are close to a junction of the second connecting portion and the transition portion. 16. The photovoltaic module according to claim 13, wherein the support further comprises a third upper restricting portion and a third lower restricting portion, and wherein when the plurality of photovoltaic modules is stacked, the third upper restricting portion of one photovoltaic module cooperates with the third lower restricting portion of another adjacent photovoltaic module so that movement of the photovoltaic module relative to another adjacent photovoltaic module in a left-to-right direction is restricted. 17. The photovoltaic module according to claim 16, wherein the third lower restricting portion comprises at least two lower stopping walls extending downwardly from left and right sides of the support respectively, and the third upper restricting portion comprises at least two upper stopping walls extending close to a top of the left and right sides of the support, and wherein when the third upper restricting portion of one photovoltaic module cooperates with the third lower restricting portion of another adjacent photovoltaic module, inner sides of the lower stopping wall of the third lower restricting portion are respectively stopped in left and right outer sides of the upper stopping wall of the third upper restricting portion. 18. The photovoltaic module according to claim 17, wherein the left and right sides of the transition portion form a shape which is narrow at an upper thereof and is wide at a lower thereof, the uppers of the left and right sides of the transition portion forming the upper stopping wall and the left and right sides of the transition portion extending downwardly to form the lower stopping wall, and when the third upper restricting portion of one photovoltaic module cooperates with the third lower restricting portion of another adjacent photovoltaic module, outer sides of the uppers of the left and right sides of the transition portion cooperate with inner sides of the lowers of the left and right sides of the transition portion so that movement of the photovoltaic module relative to another adjacent photovoltaic module in a left-to-right direction is prevented. 19. The photovoltaic module according to claim 1, wherein the support has a plurality of stiffening ribs extending in a front-to-back direction at a side thereof far from the photovoltaic cell laminate. 20. A support for a photovoltaic module adapted to be mounted onto an installation surface to support a photovoltaic cell laminate of a photovoltaic module, wherein the support defines a supporting portion adapted for supporting a back surface of the photovoltaic cell laminate and comprises a first connecting portion integrally extending from said supporting portion in a first direction and disposed close to a front side of the photovoltaic cell laminate and a second connecting portion integrally extending from said supporting portion in a second direction opposite to said first direction and close to a back side of the photovoltaic cell laminate, and wherein when a plurality of photovoltaic modules is mounted onto the installation surface, the first connecting portion of one photovoltaic module is overlappingly connected with the second connecting portion of another adjacent photovoltaic module so that a relative position of the photovoltaic module and another adjacent photovoltaic module is maintained and the plurality of photovoltaic modules is mounted onto the installation surface. 21. The support for the photovoltaic module according to claim 20, wherein the first connecting portion has a first fixing portion, the second connecting portion has a second fixing portion corresponding to the first fixing portion, the first fixing portion and the second fixing portion cooperate with each other and are locked so that the first connecting portion of one photovoltaic module is engaged with the second connecting portion of another adjacent photovoltaic module and a relative position of the first and second connecting portions engaged is restricted. 22. The support for the photovoltaic module according to claim 21, comprising at least two first fixing portions and the second fixing portions having at least the same number corresponding to the number of the first fixing portions, and wherein the first fixing portions are respectively disposed at opposite sides of the first connecting portion, the second fixing portions are respectively disposed at opposite sides of the second connecting portion, at least one of the first and second fixing portions is a resilient structure, and when the first connecting portion of one photovoltaic module is engaged with the second connecting portion of another adjacent photovoltaic module, the resilient structure is first pressed by the other of the first and second fixing portions and is deformed resiliently, and then the resilient structure is returned resiliently due to release of the press and is thus locked. 23. The support for the photovoltaic module according to claim 20, wherein the first connecting portion has a protrusion protruding downwardly from a top side thereof, the second connecting portion defines a second mounting hole corresponding to the protrusion, and when the first connecting portion of one photovoltaic module is engaged with the second connecting portion of another adjacent photovoltaic module, the protrusion of the first connecting portion of the photovoltaic module is inserted into the second mounting hole of another adjacent photovoltaic module. 24. The support for the photovoltaic module according to claim 23, wherein a first mounting hole is defined through the protrusion of the first connecting portion. 25. The support for the photovoltaic module according to claim 20, wherein the support further comprises a transition portion connecting the supporting portion and the second connecting portion, and when the photovoltaic module is mounted onto the installation surface, the first connecting portion and the second connecting portion cooperate with the installation surface while the supporting portion and the transition portion are tilted relative to the installation surface so that the front side of the photovoltaic cell laminate is mounted tiltedly with its front side close to the installation surface and its back side far from the installation surface. 26. The support for the photovoltaic module according to claim 25, wherein the supporting portion has a receiving groove at a side thereof for affixing the photovoltaic cell laminate. 