Apparatus and techniques for mounting frameless photovoltaic modules reduce module stress induced by the mounting configuration. Interface strips and strip/rail spacing configured to relieve module stress by reducing or eliminating module sag are used.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic module assembly, comprising: a frameless photovoltaic module comprising a frontside sheet and a backside sheet; an interface strip configured for attachment of the module to a module mounting structure, the interface strip attached to the backside sheet of the module. 2. The photovoltaic module assembly of claim 1, further comprising one or more additional interface strips, wherein each interface strip comprises a rigid material attached to the module backside sheet across the module width. 3. The photovoltaic module assembly of claim 2, wherein each interface strip is substantially flat and is longer than the module width, such that extension portions of the interface strips extend beyond either side of the module. 4. The photovoltaic module assembly of claim 3, wherein the extension portions of the interface strips extending beyond either side of the module comprise an attachment mechanism for attaching the module to the module mounting structure. 5. The photovoltaic module assembly of claim 4, wherein the attachment mechanism is selected from the group consisting of a hole and a fastener. 6. The photovoltaic assembly of claim 2, wherein each interface strip material is shaped to facilitate attachment of the interface strip to the mounting structure. 7. The photovoltaic module assembly of claim 6, wherein the interface strip comprises an integrated fastener. 8. The photovoltaic module assembly of claim 2, wherein the rigid material is selected from the group consisting of metal, plastic, composite, and combinations thereof. 9. The photovoltaic module assembly of claim 1, wherein the interface strip is attached to the backside sheet of the module by a weatherable UV-stable adhesive. 10. The photovoltaic module assembly of claim 2, wherein two of the interface strips are positioned about 22% of the module length from each end of the module. 11. The photovoltaic module assembly of claim 1, wherein the frontside sheet is a glass sheet. 12. The photovoltaic module assembly of claim 11, wherein the backside sheet is a glass sheet. 13. The photovoltaic module assembly of claim 11, wherein the backside sheet is a non-glass flexible sheet. 14. The photovoltaic module assembly of claim 13, wherein the backside sheet comprises one or more materials selected from the group consisting of a polyethylene terephthalate, a polypropylene, a polybutylene, and a polybutylene terephthalate. 15. The photovoltaic assembly of claim 1, wherein the frameless photovoltaic module comprises a plurality of interconnected copper indium gallium selenide (CIGS) cells. 16. A method of making a frameless photovoltaic module assembly, the method comprising: providing a frameless photovoltaic module comprising a frontside sheet and a backside sheet; and attaching an interface strip to the backside sheet of the module, the interface strip configured for attachment of the module to a module mounting structure. 17. The method of claim 16, further comprising one or more additional interface strips, wherein each interface strip comprises rigid material attached to the module backside sheet across the module width. 18. The method of claim 17, wherein each interface strip is substantially flat and is longer than the module width, such that extension portions of the interface strips extend beyond either side of the module. 19. The method of claim 18, wherein the extension portions of the interface strips extending beyond either side of the module comprise an attachment mechanism for attaching the module to the module mounting structure. 20. The method of claim 17, wherein each interface strip is shaped to facilitate attachment of the interface strip to the mounting structure. 21. The method of claim 16, wherein the interface strip is attached to the backside sheet of the module by a weatherable UV-stable adhesive. 22. The method of claim 17, wherein two of the interface strips are positioned about 22% of the module length from each end of the module. 23. A photovoltaic assembly, comprising: a photovoltaic module mounting structure; and a frameless photovoltaic module comprising a frontside sheet, a backside sheet, and an interface strip attached to the backside sheet of the module, the interface strip configured for attachment of the module to the module mounting structure; wherein the module mounting structure is configured for engagement with the interface strip to secure the module to the module mounting structure. 24. The photovoltaic assembly of claim 23, wherein the photovoltaic module mounting structure further comprises module mounting rails that are substantially parallel to the interface strip. 25. The photovoltaic assembly of claim 24, wherein the interface strip is attached to the module mounting rails of the module mounting structure. 26. The photovoltaic assembly of claim 23, wherein the photovoltaic module mounting structure further comprises module mounting rails that are substantially orthogonal to the interface strip. 27. The photovoltaic assembly of claim 23, further comprising one or more additional interface strips, wherein each interface strip comprises a rigid material attached to the module backside sheet across the module width. 28. The photovoltaic assembly of claim 27, wherein the module has two interface strips. 29. The photovoltaic assembly of claim 27, wherein each interface strip is substantially flat and is longer than the module width, such that extension portions of the interface strips extend beyond either side of the module. 30. The photovoltaic assembly of claim 29, wherein the extension portions of the interface strips extending beyond either side of the module comprise an attachment mechanism for attaching the module to the module mounting structure. 31. The photovoltaic assembly of claim 30, wherein the attachment mechanism is selected from the group consisting of a hole and a fastener. 32. The photovoltaic assembly of claim 30, wherein the attachment mechanism has a complementary attachment mechanism on the mounting structure. 33. The photovoltaic assembly of claim 23, wherein each interface strip is shaped to facilitate attachment of the interface strip to the mounting structure. 34. The photovoltaic assembly of claim 33, wherein the interface strip comprises an integrated fastener. 35. The photovoltaic module assembly of claim 29, wherein a first extension portion of each interface strip is offset towards the frontside sheet of the module by the thickness of the interface strip. 36. The photovoltaic assembly of claim 23, wherein the module mounting structure comprises a rail-less array of module standoffs configured for attachment to the interface strips. 37. The photovoltaic assembly of claim 23, wherein the interface strip is attached to the backside sheet of the module by a weatherable UV-stable adhesive. 38. The photovoltaic assembly of claim 28, wherein the two interface strips are positioned about 22% of the module length from each end of the module. 39. The photovoltaic assembly of claim 23, wherein the backside sheet is a non-glass flexible sheet. 40. The photovoltaic assembly of claim 23, wherein the frameless photovoltaic module comprises a plurality of interconnected copper indium gallium selenide (CIGS) cells. 41. A method of installing a frameless photovoltaic module, comprising: providing a frameless photovoltaic module having a frontside sheet and a backside sheet; attaching an interface strip to the backside sheet of the module across the module width to form a module assembly, the interface strip configured for attachment of the module to a module mounting structure; and securing the frameless photovoltaic module assembly onto a mounting structure by attaching the interface strip to the mounting structure. 42. The method of claim 41, further comprising attaching one or more additional interface strips to the backside sheet of the module across the module width to form the module assembly, each interface strip comprising a strip of rigid material. 43. The method of claim 41, wherein the photovoltaic module mounting structure further comprises module mounting rails that are substantially parallel to the interface strip. 44. The method of claim 43, wherein the securing comprises fastening the interface strip to the mounting rails. 45. The method of claim 41, wherein the photovoltaic module mounting structure further comprises module mounting rails that are substantially orthogonal to the interface strip. 46. The method of claim 41, wherein the module mounting structure comprises a rail-less array of module standoffs configured for attachment to the interface strip. 47. The method of claim 41, wherein two of the interface strips are positioned about 22% of the module length from each end of the module. 