In one broad aspect, the present invention provides a mounting system (100) for mounting one or more solar panels (S), comprising: a plurality of elongate mounting members (20) adapted to be arranged and secured spaced apart and substantially parallel to one another; and a plurality of anchoring devices (30) for securing each of the mounting members (20) to a support structure, such as a roof structure. Each of the mounting members (20) is adapted to receive and support an edge region (E) of a solar panel (S), such that each solar panel (S) extends between at least two mounting members (20). Furthermore, each anchoring device (30) comprises a footing (31) to be rigidly fastened to the support structure, and a coupling member (35) for connection with a respective one of the mounting members (20). A spacing between the coupling member (35) and the footing (31) is selectively variable by a user to adjust and/or set an elevation (X) of the respective mounting member (20) relative to the support structure. In a related aspect, the invention provides a mounting rail (20) for the mounting system (100). In another related aspect, the invention also provides an anchoring device (30) for the mounting system (100).
Claims 1. A mounting system for mounting one or more solar panels, the mounting system comprising: a plurality of elongate mounting members adapted to be arranged and secured spaced apart and substantially parallel to one another, wherein each of the mounting members is adapted to receive and support an edge region of a solar panel such that each solar panel extends between at least two mounting members; and a plurality of anchoring devices for securing each of the mounting members to a support structure; wherein each anchoring device comprises a footing adapted to be rigidly fastened to the support structure, and a coupling member for connection with a respective one of the mounting members, wherein a spacing between the coupling member and the footing is selectively variable by a user to adjust and/or set an elevation of the respective mounting member relative to the support structure. 2. The mounting system according to claim 1, wherein the coupling member is connected with the footing via a spacer member, and wherein at least one of the spacer member and the coupling member comprises a means for varying a position of the coupling member relative to the footing thereby to vary the spacing. 3. The mounting system according to claim 2, wherein the position varying means is adapted to vary the spacing continuously between a predetermined maximum and a predetermined minimum. 4. The mounting system according to claim 3, wherein the coupling member of each anchoring device is configured to be selectively connectable with the respective mounting member along substantially an entire length of the mounting member. 5. The mounting system according to claim 4, wherein the coupling member comprises one or more interconnection elements for engagement with one or more complementary interconnection elements provided in or on the respective mounting member. 6. The mounting system according to claim 4, wherein the mounting member comprises a base portion for connection with one or more of the anchoring devices, the base portion including a channel which extends longitudinally of the mounting member and is configured to receive the coupling member. 7. A mounting rail for mounting a solar panel thereto, comprising: an upper portion having at least one panel seating area which extends longitudinally of a mounting member for receiving and fixing an edge region of the solar panel; and a base portion having a longitudinally extending channel which opens downwardly to an underside of the mounting rail, the downwardly open channel being configured to receive a coupling member of an anchoring device for securing the mounting member to a support structure; wherein the downwardly open channel comprises one or more interconnection elements configured for snap-fit engagement with the coupling member of the anchoring device. 8. The mounting rail according to claim 7, wherein the one or more interconnection elements in the downwardly open channel are configured for resiliently flexible or resiliently biased engagement with the coupling member of the anchoring device. 9. The mounting rail according to claim 7, wherein the base portion comprises at least one longitudinally extending channel which is upwardly open for at least one of capturing and directing water ingress under the solar panels, wherein said at least one upwardly open channel of the base portion is configured to overlap in the longitudinal direction with a respective upwardly open channel in the base portion of a longitudinally adjacent or adjoining mounting rail. 10. The mounting rail according to claim 9, wherein the at least one upwardly open channel projects laterally to a side of the mounting rail beyond a lateral extent of the panel seating area on the mounting rail. 11. The mounting rail according to claim 7, wherein the base portion is at least one of longitudinally offset from and extending longitudinally beyond the upper portion, such that the base portion of one mounting rail is configured to overlap with the base portion of a longitudinally adjacent or adjoining mounting rail. 12. An anchoring device for securing a mounting rail of a solar panel (S) mounting system to a support structure, the anchoring device comprising: a footing to be rigidly fastened to the support structure, and a coupling member for connection with the mounting rail, wherein the anchoring device comprises means for selectively varying a distance or spacing of the coupling member from the footing to at least one of adjust and set an elevation of the mounting member relative to the support structure. 13. The anchoring device according to claim 12, wherein the coupling member is connected to the footing via a spacer member, and wherein said means comprises means for selectively varying the position of the coupling member on the spacer member to at least one of adjust and set the elevation of the mounting member relative to the support structure. 14. The anchoring device according to claim 13, wherein the spacer member is rigidly fixed to the footing and at least one of the spacer member and the coupling member comprises the position varying means. 15. A mounting system for mounting one or more solar panels, the mounting system comprising: a plurality of elongate mounting members adapted to be arranged and secured in longitudinal alignment with one another for supporting one or more solar panels thereon; and a plurality of anchoring devices for securing each of the mounting members to a support structure; wherein each of the elongate mounting members comprises: an upper portion adapted to receive and support an edge region of a solar panel, and a base portion configured for connection with one or more of the anchoring devices along substantially an entire length of the mounting member, wherein the base portion is at least one of longitudinally offset from and extending longitudinally beyond the upper portion, such that the base portion of the mounting member is configured to overlap with the base portion of a longitudinally adjacent or adjoining mounting member. 16. The mounting system according to claim 15, wherein the base portion includes at least one longitudinally extending channel which is upwardly open for at least one of capturing and directing water ingress under the solar panels, wherein said at least one upwardly open channel of the base portion is adapted to overlap in the longitudinal direction with a respective upwardly open channel in the base portion of a longitudinally adjacent or adjoining mounting member. 17. The mounting system according to claim 15, wherein a panel seating area on each mounting member for receiving and fixing the edge region of the solar panel extends longitudinally of the mounting member, and wherein the at least one upwardly open channel projects laterally to a side of the respective mounting member beyond a lateral extent of the panel seating area on that mounting member. 18. The mounting system according to claim 15, wherein the base portion includes a channel which opens downwardly and extends longitudinally of the mounting member for receiving a coupling member of one of the anchoring devices. 19. The mounting system according to claim 15, wherein the plurality of elongate mounting members are also adapted to be arranged and secured substantially parallel to and laterally spaced from one another, such that the elongate mounting members form a mounting frame for supporting an array of the solar panels thereon, with each solar panel extending between at least two laterally spaced mounting members. 20. A retaining element for preventing a solar panel from sliding in an axial or longitudinal direction relative to an elongate mounting member of a mounting system for mounting solar panels on an inclined structure, the retaining element comprising: a body portion configured to be securely fastened to an axial end region of a first elongate mounting member, the body portion comprising a stop member having a stop surface for engagement with a peripheral edge of a solar panel mounted on the first mounting member, wherein the body portion includes positioning means configured to elevate the end region of the first mounting member relative to an adjacent end region of a second mounting member which is arranged in longitudinal alignment with the first mounting member. 21. The retaining element according to claim 20, wherein the positioning means comprises one or more protrusions configured to be at least one of received within, to overlap with and to seat upon, the end region of the second mounting member. 22. The retaining element according to claim 21, wherein the body portion is configured to engage a facing end surface of the first mounting member. 23. The mounting system according to claim 3, wherein the position varying means comprises a screw thread. 24. The mounting system according to claim 4, wherein the channel comprises one or more complementary interconnection elements for secure engagement with the one or more interconnection elements of the coupling member. 25. The mounting system according to claim 4, wherein the selective connectivity is provided via a snap-fit connection. 26. The mounting system according to claim 5, wherein the one or more interconnection elements comprises one of a projection and a recess. 27. The mounting system according to claim 26, wherein the one or more interconnection elements and the one or more complimentary interconnection elements comprise tongue and groove elements, respectively. 28. The mounting rail according to claim 7, wherein the one or more interconnection elements in the downwardly open channel are configured with at least one of angled and rounded surfaces to facilitate sliding contact and engagement into a snap-fit interconnection there-between. 29. The retaining element according to claim 22, wherein the facing end surface comprises a facing plate member. 30. The retaining element of claim 28, wherein the one or more protrusions of the positioning means project from the facing plate member. 31. The mounting system according to claim 1, wherein the support structure is a roof structure. 32. The mounting system according to claim 15, wherein the support structure is a roof structure. 