A central backend management system to manage two or more solar sites each having a plurality of concentrated photovoltaic (CPV) arrays. frontend application servers in the management system are configured to 1) provide web hosting of web pages, 2) generate and present user interfaces to each client device in communication with the frontend application servers in order to view information of components of the CPV arrays and to issue commands to control operations of the components of the CPV arrays. Each of the CPV arrays is associated with a different system control point, which are communicatively connected to the central backend management system over a wide area network (WAN) using a secured channel.
Claims 1. A central backend management system to manage two or more solar sites each having a plurality of concentrated photovoltaic (CPV) arrays, comprising: a set of servers configured to 1) provide web hosting of web pages, 2) generate and present user interfaces to each browser application of a client device in communication with the set of servers in order to view information of components of the CPV arrays and 3) issue commands to control operations of the components of the CPV arrays, wherein each of the CPV arrays is contained on a two-axis tracker mechanism, each of the CPV arrays associated with a different system control point (SCP) of a plurality of SCPs, which are communicatively connected to the central backend management system over a wide area network (WAN), which encompasses networks including the Internet, using a secured channel; and one or more sockets on the set of servers configured to receive connections and communications from a first client device of a first user over the WAN in order to enable the first user to view information on components of CPV arrays associated with the first user, wherein the set of servers is configured to send commands to the components of the CPV arrays associated with the first user via SCPs of those CPV arrays, wherein the one or more sockets on the set of servers are also configured to receive connections and communications from a second client device of a second user over the WAN to enable the second user to view information on the components of the CPV arrays associated with the second user, wherein the set of servers is configured to send commands to the components of the CPV arrays associated with the second user via SCPs of those CPV arrays. 2. The system of claim 1, further comprising: a network load balanced web services cluster coupled with frontend application servers and configured to provide services for retrieving historical performance data, sending the commands to the plurality of SCPs, and retrieving real-time data from the components of the CPV arrays including the CPV arrays associated with the first user and the second user; a database cluster coupled with the network load balanced web services cluster and configured to store data associated with the components of the CPV arrays, the database cluster including a monitoring database, a performance database, and a manufacturing database; and business logic processors coupled with the database cluster and configured to provide alarm information to be stored in the monitoring database, the alarm information is to be presented to the first user or the second user via a user interface generated by the frontend application servers. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein the network load balanced web services cluster is configured to retrieve the historical performance data and the real-time data from the database cluster, and wherein the network load balanced web services cluster is configured to provide windows communication foundation (WCF) services for retrieving the historical performance data, WCF Services for sending the commands to the plurality of SCPs, and WCF Services for retrieving the real-time data. 4. The system of claim 1, further comprising a network load balanced cluster coupled with the database cluster and configured to perform services for queuing incoming requests for the plurality of SCPs and managing message posts to the plurality of SCPs, wherein the network load balanced cluster is an Internet information server (IIS) balanced cluster configured to provide services relating to Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure (HTTPS) Page for the message posts to the plurality of SCPs, and windows communication foundation (WCF) to Microsoft message queuing (MSMQ) service for queuing the incoming requests. 5. The system of claim 4, wherein the network load balanced cluster is further configured to perform data processing for the components of the CPV arrays, load data into frontend application servers and a monitoring database in a database cluster, and pass control signals and requests from the first or the second client device to the central backend management system and the SCP associated with the first or the second user. 6. The system of claim 1, further comprising a cache coupled to the network load balanced web services cluster and the database cluster and is configured to store recent data and commonly used non-changing data associated with the components of the CPV arrays, and wherein a combination of the database cluster and the cache is used to serve as an operational data store (ODS) storing repository for the central backend management system. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein frontend application servers are associated with a client software application configured to enable the first and the second users to view the information of the components of the CPV arrays associated with the first and the second users, wherein the information is presented to the first and the second users via dashboard views, alerts and alert management views, and logs and analytics views. 8. A method for managing one or more solar sites each having a plurality of concentrated photovoltaic (CPV) arrays, each of the CPV arrays being contained on a two-axis tracker mechanism, the method comprising: receiving a command from a user via a user interface, the command to be issued for a first concentrated photovoltaic (CPV) array at a solar site, the user interface presented by a client software application of a central backend management system, where a first solar site has its plurality of CPV arrays, and each of these CPV arrays are associated with a different system control point (SCP) at the first solar site, where each SCP is communicatively connected to the central backend management system over an Internet using a secured channel; placing the command into a command queue of the central backend management system, the command queue configured to store commands to be processed by a command processor, wherein the command processor is to verify that the command is not pending and to log the command into a pending command table of a database of the central backend management system when the command is not pending; transmitting the command to a system control point (SCP) associated with the first CPV array for processing, wherein the SCP is configured to issue the command to control operation of the first CPV array or to request for information from the first CPV array; and based on the command having been successfully completed, removing the command from the pending command table and adding the command into a completed command table of the database. 9. The method of claim 8, wherein the SCP is configured to issue the command to control movement of paddle pairs in a tracker of the first CPV array or to collect performance, position, diagnostic, or weather information from the first CPV array. 10. The method of claim 8, wherein said placing the command into the command queue comprises: creating a command object instance together with associated parameters for the command; and placing the command object instance and associated parameters into the command queue. 11. The method of claim 10, wherein the command queue is implemented using Microsoft message queuing (MSMQ), wherein the database is implemented as a relational database and configured to store pending commands, completed commands, and failed commands, and wherein the command is transmitted to the SCP using Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure (HTTPS). 12. The method of claim 8, wherein the command processor is further configured to verify whether the command is already pending, and if so, verify whether a lifetime of the command has expired. 13. The method of claim 12, wherein based on the lifetime of the command has expired, the command is not processed, and wherein based on the lifetime of the command has not expired, the command is transmitted to the SCP for processing. 14. The method of claim 8, further comprising: based on the command having not been successfully completed, keeping the command in the command queue for retry and until the lifetime of the command expires or until the command is successfully completed. 15. The method of claim 8, wherein said placing the command into the command queue of the central backend management system comprises placing serialized extended markup language (XML) version of the command into the command queue, and verifying in the database to determine if results of the pending command is already available, and if so, retrieving and presenting the results to the user via the user interface. 16. A system, comprising: a central backend management system to manage two or more solar sites each having a plurality of concentrated photovoltaic (CPV) arrays, where a set of servers in the central backend management system are configured to 1) provide web hosting of web pages, 2) generate and present user interfaces to each client device in communication with the set of servers in order to view information of components of the CPV arrays and 3) issue commands to control operations of the components of the CPV arrays, where each of the CPV arrays is associated with a different system control point, which are communicatively connected to the central backend management system over a wide area network (WAN) using a secured channel. 17. A computer-readable media that stores instructions, which when executed by a machine, cause the machine to perform operations comprising: receiving a command from a user via a user interface, the command to be issued for a first concentrated photovoltaic (CPV) array at a solar site, the user interface presented by a client software application of a central backend management system, the solar site having a plurality of CPV arrays, each of the CPV arrays associated with a different system control point (SCP) which is communicatively connected to the central backend management system over an Internet using a secured channel; verifying in a database of the central backend management system to determine if results of the command is already available, and if so, retrieving and presenting the results to the user via the user interface; and based on the results of the command not being already available: (a) placing the command into a command queue of the central backend management system, the command queue configured to store commands to be processed by a command processor, wherein the command processor is to verify that the command is not pending and to log the command into a pending command table of the database when the command is not pending, and (b) transmitting the command to the system control point (SCP) associated with the first CPV array for processing, wherein the SCP is configured to issue the command to control operation of the first CPV array or to request for information related to the first CPV array. 18. The computer-readable media of claim 17, further comprising: based on the command having been successfully completed by the SCP, removing the command from the pending command table and adding the command into a completed command table of the database. 19. The computer-readable media of claim 18, further comprising: based on the command having not been successfully completed by the SCP, keeping the command in the command queue for retry and until a lifetime of the command expires or until the command is successfully completed. 20. The computer-readable media of claim 17, wherein based on the command processor verifying that the command is already pending and a lifetime of the command has expired, the command is not transmitted to the SCP for processing. 