Methods and devices are provided for rapid solar module installation. In one embodiment, a photovoltaic module is provided comprising of a plurality of photovoltaic cells positioned between a transparent module layer and a backside module layer. The module may be a frameless module. The module may have brackets that slidably engage a mounting structure.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic module mounting system comprising: a photovoltaic module comprising a plurality of photovoltaic cells positioned between a transparent module layer and a backside module layer; and a bracket coupled to the photovoltaic module, wherein the bracket has a side face and an engaging face and an opening, wherein the engaging face is spaced apart from an underside of the backside module layer by the side face, and wherein the opening is opposite the side face; wherein the bracket is capable of engaging a support member, wherein at least a portion of the support member is configured to fit into the opening of the bracket and engage the engaging face and the side face of the bracket. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein the bracket slidably engages the support member through a lateral movement of the photovoltaic module. 3. The system of claim 1 wherein the bracket engages the support member through an angled movement of the photovoltaic module. 4. The system of claim 1 wherein the bracket is coupled only to the underside of the backside module layer. 5. The system of claim 4 wherein the bracket further comprises an upper face, wherein the upper face forms an S cross-sectional shape with the side face and engaging face, wherein the upper face is coupled to the backside module layer. 6. The system of claim 4 wherein the bracket further comprises an upper face, wherein the upper face forms a C cross-sectional shape with the side face and engaging face, wherein the upper face is coupled to the backside module layer. 7. The system of claim 6 wherein the engaging face of the bracket has a length that forms an extended lip relative to the upper face of the bracket. 8. The system of claim 6 further comprising a locking feature coupled to at least one of the engaging face and the upper face, wherein the locking feature is chosen from the group consisting of a polymer material, a rubber material, a bolt, a screw, a fastener, a clip, a barb, a spring, a clamp and an adhesive. 9. The system of claim 1 further comprising a locking feature coupled to the engaging face, wherein the locking feature is chosen from the group consisting of a polymer material, a rubber material, a bolt, a screw, a fastener, a clip, a barb, a spring, a clamp and an adhesive. 10. The system of claim 1 wherein the photovoltaic module has a side surface formed by the perimeter of the transparent module layer and the backside module layer, and wherein the bracket is coupled to the side surface. 11. The system of claim 1 wherein the support member is coupled to a mounting surface. 12. The system of claim 1 wherein the support member is configured as a stand-off, wherein the stand-off spaces the photovoltaic module vertically apart from the mounting surface. 13. The system of claim 1 wherein the bracket further comprises a stop surface adjoining the side face and the engaging face, wherein the stop surface restrains lateral motion in one axis. 14. The system of claim 1 wherein the photovoltaic module is one of a framed module, a partially framed module, or a frameless module. 15. A method of mounting a photovoltaic module, the method comprising: providing a photovoltaic module, wherein the photovoltaic module comprises a plurality of photovoltaic cells positioned between a transparent module layer and a backside module layer; and coupling a bracket to the photovoltaic module, wherein the bracket has a side face and an engaging face and an opening, wherein the engaging face is spaced apart from an underside of the backside module layer by the side face, and wherein the opening is opposite the side face; wherein the bracket is capable of engaging a support member, wherein at least a portion of the support member is configured to fit into the opening of the bracket and be engaged by the side face and the engaging face of the bracket. 16. The method of claim 15 wherein the step of coupling the bracket comprises coupling the bracket only to the underside of the backside module layer. 17. The method of claim 16 wherein the bracket further comprises an upper face, wherein the upper face forms a C cross-sectional shape with the side face and engaging face, wherein the upper face is coupled to the backside module layer. 18. The method of claim 16 wherein the bracket further comprises an upper face, wherein the upper face forms an S cross-sectional shape with the side face and engaging face, wherein the upper face is coupled to the backside module layer. 19. The method of claim 15 wherein the support member is coupled to a mounting surface. 20. The method of claim 15 wherein the support member is configured as a stand-off, wherein the stand-off spaces the photovoltaic module vertically apart from the mounting surface, and wherein the stand-off is configured to be held to the mounting surface by a foam. 