A roof panel support system is supported by at least two structural beams, and includes a support matrix for panels, such as solar panels, that can constitute the roof of a structure. The support matrix includes panel rails that can hold panels installed from beneath the support matrix.
Claims 1. A structure including a bi-directional panel support system having a plurality of lower support joists and upper panel rails, wherein each of said upper panel rails comprise at least one bolt head slot on at least one sidewall of each said upper panel rail, and said bi-directional panel support system further comprising: a) a plurality of L-shaped brackets slideably connectible to a plurality of said bolt head slots, wherein external panels are supported from beneath and secured by said plurality of said L-shaped brackets connected to said upper panel rails at said bolt head slots. 2. The structure of claim 1, wherein said bi-directional panel support system is foldable and deployable as a single unit. 3. The structure of claim 2, wherein said structure comprises an enclosure roof. 4. The structure of claim 2, wherein said upper panel rails further comprise a bolt head slot on a bottom surface of each said upper panel rail to comprise a bolt to form a slideable and rotational connection to one of the underlying support joists. 5. The structure of claim 1, wherein said at least one bolt head slot comprises an arcuate T-shaped cross-sectional shape. 6. The structure of claim 2, wherein said L-shaped brackets comprise apertures for facilitating a connection to one of said supported external panels. 7. The structure of claim 6, wherein said supported external panels comprise photovoltaics. 8. The structure of claim 7, further comprising a structural support arrangement interfacing with an underlying substrate, and supporting said bi-directional panel support system. 9. The structure of claim 8, wherein said structural support system comprises steel and concrete, and said bi-directional panel support system comprises steel lower support joists and aluminum upper panel rails. 10. The structure of claim 9, wherein said bi-directional panel support system further comprises separators arranged between lower support joists and said upper panel rails. 11. The structure of claim 10, wherein said separators comprise nylon bushings arranged at bolt connections between said lower support joists and said upper panel rails to facilitate ease of rotateability of said bi-directional panel support system. 12. The structure of claim 5, wherein said upper panel rail having the bolt head slot comprises at least one flange at a top surface of said upper panel rail, said flange extending beyond the slotted sidewall of said upper panel rail. 13. A method of mounting panels on a bi-directional panel support array having at least upper panel rails with each upper panel rail having a bolt head slot, said method comprising the steps of: a) deploying said bi-directional panel support array; b) placing L-shaped brackets at predetermined positions along a length of each bolt head slot by sliding said L-shaped brackets along said length for each of said upper panel rails; and c) placing each of said panels on selectively positioned L-shaped brackets, and securing each of said panels to said selected L-shaped brackets from below the bi-directional panel support array. 14. The method of claim 13, wherein the step of deploying the bi-directional panel support array comprises the step of securing said bi-directional panel support array to a substrate support structure. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein the step of deploying said bi-directional panel support array further comprise the sub-step of unfolding said bi-directional panel support array as a unit from a folded transport position. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein said panels are configured to constitute a roof structure of a carport. 17. The method of claim 16, wherein said panels are photovoltaic devices. 18. The method of claim 17, further comprising the steps of: d) placing wiring devices in said bolt head slots; and e) wiring said photovoltaic panels using said wiring devices. 19. The method of claim 13, wherein step (c) further comprises the substep of sliding each of said panels between said corresponding selectively positioned L-shaped brackets and an upper flange on said corresponding upper support rail. 