The present racking system uses space frame technology to minimize materials while maximizing strength. The rack has multi-position racking capability, using a simple swing arm and pin system to move the solar array into an optimum position for the appropriate time of the year.
Claims 1. A multi-position racking system for mounting an array of solar panels, comprising: a plurality of legs, including at least at least two front legs and at least two back legs; a plurality of braces for supporting the legs; an array support, including a back bone pivotally supported by the front legs, and a plurality of ribs secured to the back bone; and a swing arm mechanism pivotally connected between the array support and the back legs; wherein the swing arm mechanism rotates the array support between multiple positions. 2. The racking system of claim 1, wherein the multiple positions include a first position and a second position. 3. The racking system of claim 1, wherein the swing arm mechanism includes a lower swing arm portion pivotally connected to the back legs, and an upper swing arm portion pivotally connected to the array support. 4. The racking system of claim 3, wherein the lower swing arm portion includes at least one swing arm handle. 5. The racking system of claim 4, wherein the at least one swing arm handle is arranged across the back legs. 6. The racking system of claim 4, wherein the at least one swing arm handle includes a short swing arm handle and a long swing arm handle. 7. The racking system of claim 1, wherein locking means secures the array support in each of the multiple positions. 8. The racking system of claim 1, wherein the front legs are shorter than the rear legs. 9. The racking system of claim 1, wherein the angle between the array support and the front legs in the first position is greater than the angle between the array support and the front legs in the second position. 10. The racking system of claim 2, wherein the long swing arm handle abuts the back legs in the first position, and the long swing arm handle abuts the upper swing arm portion in the second position. 11. The racking system of claim 1, wherein the swing arm mechanism includes at least one swing arm handle which acts as a lever to move the array support between the multiple positions. 