Apparatus and method for managing energy of a home or other structure are disclosed. An energy management system for a home network comprises a central device controller configured to communicate with energy consuming devices, energy generation devices and storage devices at a home. Power/energy measuring devices provide consumption measurements for the home and each device to the controller. A user interface client application configured to provide real time information to a user/consumer and to an energy provider/utility about the consumption of the home, each device, and receives inputs to modify the controllers and/or the devices.
Claims 1. An energy management system for a home network comprising managed devices and energy consuming devices in a home, respectively drawing different amounts of power from a source of power, the system comprising: a central controller with a memory in communication with the managed energy consuming devices that respectively comprise a device controller; a plurality of power/energy measuring devices in communication with the controller and the managed devices configured to collectively provide a total energy/power consumption measurement for the home and an power/energy consumption measurement for each managed device; and a user interface communicatively coupled to the controller for providing user information and receiving user commands thereat; wherein the controller having a memory, a processor and at least one transceiver, is configured to monitor and manage energy consumption of each of the managed devices by sending communications to each of the managed devices via the device controller respectively and to provide real time feedback to the user interface with respect to natural resource use and generation of energy usage occurring at the home. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the user interface comprises a client application that is configured to provide real time information to a user about the total energy consumption of the home and each device, and to receive inputs from a user to modify the controller and/or the devices. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein the user interface comprises a display for displaying the feedback in real time. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein the power source is a utility and the controller is configured to receive communication from at least one power/energy measuring device comprising a smart meter in communication with the central controller, and the devices respectively comprise a demand response appliance configured to manage power consumption by responding to a communication from the controller, and wherein the controller is configured to receive electricity rate and schedules from the utility to implement pre-determined load shedding for the managed devices in the home. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein the plurality of devices comprises an HVAC, a refrigerator, a dishwasher, a dryer and any other appliance or power switch or energy consuming device configured to operate at power levels detected by the power/energy measuring device. 6. The system of claim 2, wherein the source of power for energizing the respective managed devices comprises at least one of an electrical utility, a natural gas supplier, a solar power, wind power, or other on-site power generator. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein the transceiver comprises a wireless transceiver for wirelessly sending information to and from each power/energy measuring device, each appliance and the power source. 8. The system of claim 1, wherein the transceiver comprises a power line transceiver sending information to and from each power/energy measuring device, each appliance and the power source, and wherein communication with power source is by internet (IP), wireless, or power line carrier. 9. The system of claim 6, wherein the memory comprises a dynamic table for storing variable, updateable and dynamic energy consumption and energy cost readings and historical energy consumption data with respect to electricity, water, natural gas, solar energy consumption and energy generation occurring at the home. 10. The system of claim 6, further comprising: a flow meter configured to measure a flow of natural gas and/or water consumption in the home operatively coupled to the central controller; a solar power generation device having a solar power/energy measuring device operatively coupled to the central controller; a wind power generation device having a wind power/energy measuring device operatively coupled to the central controller; a gas power generation device having a gas power/energy measuring device operatively coupled to the central controller; and a thermostat controller operatively coupled to the central controller that is configured to be modified via the client application coupled to the central controller and provide consumption data to the user interface. 11. The system of claim 10, wherein the user interface display is configured to receive programming instructions that modify setpoints of the thermostat controller and programming schedules. 12. (canceled) 13. The system of claim 1, wherein the central controller is configured to receive updatable software configurations and upload elements of the database table via an IP connection. 14. The system of claim 1, wherein the central controller is configured to retrieve weather forecast information and make it available to the client application, to communicate remote service diagnostics and optimize appliance energy consumption devices based on forecast weather conditions. 15. An energy management system for a home network comprising managed devices in a home respectively drawing different amounts of power from a power source, comprising: a central controller with a memory in communication with the managed devices that respectively comprise a device controller; one or more power/energy measuring devices in communication with the controller, wherein the managed devices are operatively coupled to the one or more energy measuring device for measuring energy consumption thereat and communicating on the network a measurement to the controller; and a user interface hosted on a device that is in communication with the controller for providing user information and receiving user commands thereat; wherein the controller having a memory and a processor, is configured to monitor and manage energy consumption, energy generation and storage of energy at the home with respect to each of the managed devices via the device controller respectively and to provide real time feedback to the user interface display with respect to natural resource use, generation and storage occurring at the home. 16. The system of claim 15, wherein the memory comprises a dynamic table having variable, updateable and dynamic power consumption readings and historical power consumption readings based on communication with the monitored devices with respect to electricity, water, natural gas and solar power consumption, generation and storage at the home. 17. The system of claim 15, wherein the power source includes a natural gas supplier and a solar power generator and wherein at least one of the managed devices is powered by natural gas, the system further comprising: a flow meter configured to measure natural gas and/or water consumption of the at least one gas powered managed device and a solar generation device having a solar power/energy measuring device operatively coupled to the central controller for monitoring the solar power consumption by one or more solar power energized managed devices; and a thermostat controller coupled to the central controller that is configured to be modified via a client application coupled to the central controller and provide consumption data to the user via the user interface of the client application, wherein the user interface display is configured to receive programming instructions that modify the thermostat controller setpoints and power consumption schedules, and wherein the central controller is configured to receive updatable software configurations via an IP connection. 18. A method for an energy management system for energy consuming devices within a home network which network includes a power meter for measuring power consumed by each energy consuming device of the network, and a controller communicatively linked to the power meter and the at least one device, the controller including at least one memory for storing data and for storing executable instructions, the method comprising: sending communication commands from the controller to at least one device controller of the energy consuming devices within the home network; receiving inputs provided to the home network via the user interface of a client application; controlling natural resource use, energy storage and generation of energy at the home based on the inputs provided to the home network for the devices, an energy generation device and/or a storage device; receiving electricity rates and schedules from an energy provider to implement pre-determined load shedding for an electrical load of the home; and presenting historical power consumption information to the user about the energy consuming devices, generation devices and/or a storage device within the home network via the user interface of a client application. 19. The method of claim 18, further comprising: providing feedback information to a user display device via the controller which comprises power consumption and cost saving options calculated by the controller based on historical power consumption data stored in a table of the memory. 20. The method of claim 18, wherein the energy consuming devices comprise at least one demand response appliance configured to manage power consumption by responding to communication commands from the device controller, wherein the energy consuming devices comprise an HVAC, a refrigerator, a dishwasher, a dryer and any other power consuming device configured to operate at power levels detected by a power/energy measuring device, wherein the power generation device comprises a solar panel and/or a wind power generation device, wherein the natural resource comprises electricity, water, and/or natural gas. 21. The method claim 18, further comprising: receiving updatable software configurations via an IP connection; wherein the user interface of the client application presents power consumption information, generation information and/or storage information based on the energy consuming devices, generation device and storage device respectively in the home network on a mobile phone, and/or a home computer, and is configure to receive the inputs from the user to control the same. 