A method of communication of distributed devices handling electric energy with communication partners via the Internet includes programming rules in a server. The rules determine between which device and which communication partner a communication connection is to be mediated based on generic properties of the devices, generic properties of the communication partners and an initializing time-variable datum. The communication connection is a point to point, point to multi point or multi point to multi point connection via the internet. Data are transmitted from each device and each communication partner to the server via the Internet. These data include both a communication address and attributes indicative of the generic properties of the device or the communication partner, respectively. The communication connection is mediated between the device and the communication partner determined by the rules in response to a value of the initializing time-variable datum also defined by the rules.
Claims 1. A method of communication of distributed devices handling electric energy with communication partners via the Internet, the method comprising: providing a server; programming rules in the server, the rules determining between which at least one device of a plurality of devices and which at least one communication partner of a plurality of communication partners a communication connection is to be mediated based on generic properties of the devices, generic properties of the communication partners and an initializing time-variable datum, the communication connection being selected from a group of connections consisting of point to point, point to multi point and multi point to multi point connections via the Internet; transmitting data from each device to the server via the Internet, the data including both a communication address and attributes indicative of the generic properties of the respective device; transmitting further data from each communication partner to the server via the Internet, the further data including both a communication address and attributes indicative of the generic properties of the respective communication partner; and mediating the communication connection between the at least one device and the at least one communication partner determined by the rules in response to a value of the initializing time-variable datum and the programmed rules. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the devices handling electric energy are selected from a group of devices including devices generating electric energy, devices providing electric energy, devices transforming electric energy, devices surveying a flow of electric energy, devices monitoring a flow of electric energy, devices consuming electric energy and controllers of such devices. 3. The method of claim 2, wherein the group of devices includes generators, inverters, converters, transformers, batteries, battery management systems, grid connection points and grid nodes. 4. The method of claim 2, wherein the group of devices includes parts of at least one photovoltaic plant or at least one wind power plant. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein the communication partners are selected from a group of partners including a least one of the devices, surveying computers for the devices, surveying computers for the devices, monitoring computers for the devices, service computers for the devices, mobile terminals and data loggers accessible via the internet. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein the generic properties of the devices and the generic properties of the communication partners are selected from a group of properties comprising their manufacturer, their model, their type, their firmware, a state of their firmware, their design, their construction, their operation state, their dimensions, their owner, their operator, a name of a superordinated system, their grid connection area and their spatial position area. 7. The method of claim 1, wherein the initializing time-variable datum comprises a timing signal generated in the server. 8. The method of claim 1, wherein the initializing time-variable datum comprises a datum included in the data transmitted from at least one of the devices and at least one of the communication partners to the server in addition to its respective communication address and respective attributes. 9. The method of claim 8, wherein the initializing time-variable datum is selected from a present operation parameter of at least one device and a generic contact request by at least one communication partner. 10. The method of claim 1, wherein the devices are configured to transmit at least a part of their data to the server at fixed intervals. 11. The method of claim 1, wherein the devices are configured to transmit all of their data to the server upon predetermined changes of a value of any of these data. 12. The method of claim 1, wherein the communication partners are configured to transmit at least a part of their data to the server at fixed intervals. 13. The method of claim 1, wherein the communication partners are configured to transmit all of their data to the server upon predetermined changes of a value of any of these data. 14. The method of claim 1, wherein the data transmitted by at least one of the devices and at least one of the communication partners to the server further comprise a communication readiness signal. 15. The method of claim 1, wherein the rules in the server are programmed by transferring program data from at least one of the communication partners to the server. 16. The method of claim 1, wherein the rules in the server are programmed by transmitting program data from at least one of the communication partners comprising predetermined properties to the server. 17. The method of claim 1, wherein the rules in the server mediate different communication connections having an overlap in time between at least one of the devices and different communication partners or between at least one of the one communication partners and different devices. 18. The method of claim 1, further comprising transmitting at least one data transfer request from the at least one communication partner to the at least one device, and at least one requested datum from the at least one device to the at least one communication partner via the communication connection. 19. The method of claim 1, further comprising transmitting at least one command from the at least one communication partner to the at least one device, and at least one command confirmation from the at least one device to the at least one communication partner via the communication connection. 20. The method of claim 1, wherein the server, in response to a generic request for information via the Internet, based on the attributes transmitted by the devices, transfers information data generated by the server from the operation parameters of the devices. 