A connection device is provided for connecting an electric component into a current path. The connection device comprises a housing having a locking means for locking the housing onto a busbar, a pivotable holding means, into which the electric component can be inserted and connected into the current path by pivoting the holding means; and a terminal clamp, which is connected directly, via the electric component which is connected into the current path, to at least one spring contact, which is provided in the housing and contacts the busbar when the housing is locked on.
Claims 1. A connection device for connecting an electric component into a current path, the connection device comprising: a housing having a locking means for locking the housing onto a busbar; a pivotable holding means, into which the electric component can be inserted and connected into the current path by pivoting the holding means; and a terminal clamp, which is connected directly, via the electric component which is connected into the current path, to at least one spring contact, which is provided in the housing and contacts the busbar when the housing is locked on. 2. The connection device according to claim 1, further comprising a spring pressing the spring contact against the busbar when the housing of the connection device is locked on. 3. The connection device according to claim 2, wherein the spring is a leaf spring. 4. The connection device according to claim 1, wherein the spring contact is L-shaped or U-shaped. 5. The connection device according to claim 1, wherein the terminal clamp is a terminal box or a spring-type terminal. 6. The connection device according to claim 1, wherein the electric component is a fuse. 7. The connection device according to claim 1, wherein the locking means comprises at least one tongue which is formed integrally on the housing of the connection device via at least two ribs, which extend substantially parallel. 8. The connection device according to claim 1, wherein the spring contact contacts a side portion or an upper face of the busbar when the housing is locked on. 9. The connection device according to claim 1, wherein the spring contact consists of a resilient conductive material. 10. The connection device according to claim 1, further comprising a photovoltaic module string of photovoltaic modules, which are connected in series and generate a direct electric current when irradiated with light, is connected to the terminal clamp. 11. The connection device according to claim 10, wherein the busbar forms a total current node for a plurality of photovoltaic module strings, which are each connected to the busbar via a connection device, in such a way that the direct currents generated by the photovoltaic module strings are added up on the busbar to form a total current. 12. The connection device according to claim 1, wherein the busbar is connected to an inverter, which converts a total direct current flowing through the busbar into an alternating current. 13. The connection device according to claim 1, wherein the busbar is connected to an overvoltage protector. 14. A photovoltaic installation comprising: a connection device for connecting an electric component into a current path, the connection device comprising a housing having a locking means for locking the housing onto a busbar, a pivotable holding means, into which the electric component can be inserted and connected into the current path by pivoting the holding means, and a terminal clamp, which is connected directly, via the electric component which is connected into the current path, to at least one spring contact, which is provided in the housing and contacts the busbar when the housing is locked on; and a plurality of photovoltaic module strings, which each comprise photovoltaic modules, which are connected in series and generate a direct electric current when irradiated with light, each photovoltaic module string being connected to the terminal clamp of an associated connection device. 15. The photovoltaic installation according claim 14, further comprising an inverter, wherein the busbar is connected to an inverter, which converts a total direct current flowing through the busbar, which forms the total of all of the direct currents generated by the photovoltaic module strings, into an alternating current. 