A foundation system for supporting solar panels provides longitudinal beams thereof that are pivotally supported on the transverse beams about axes running substantially coaxially to the longitudinal axis of the transverse beams or substantially horizontally, and fittings that are preassembled for fastening the longitudinal beams to the transverse beams, in which the fittings have pairs of clamping claws having members on a longitudinal beam side for clamping to the longitudinal beams in a fixed location, and on a transverse beam side for pivotally clamping to the transverse beams in a fixed location, and tie rods arranged between the longitudinal and transverse beam side members so that the clamping claws can be clamped against each other and against the longitudinal beams and the transverse beams.
Claims 1. A foundation system for supporting solar panels which are arranged in a sheetlike manner next to one another and are held next to one another in one or more rows by longitudinal members which rest on a plurality of crossmembers, which are arranged next to one another and are inclined with respect to a horizontal, and comprising the longitudinal members being mounted pivotably on the crossmembers about axes running substantially coaxially or substantially horizontally in the longitudinal direction of the crossmembers, which axes are formed on entirely or partially preassembled or preassemblable fittings for fastening the longitudinal members on the crossmembers, the fittings have having pairs of clamping claws, longitudinal-member-side members for the clamping fixing of said clamping claws on the longitudinal members, crossmember-side members for the pivotable and clamping fixing of said clamping claws on the crossmembers (6), and tie rods which are arranged between the longitudinal-member-side members and the crossmember-side members so that the clamping claws can be braced in relation to one another and against the longitudinal members and the crossmembers. 2. The foundation system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the crossmembers have pivot bearings comprising crossmember-side members, in which the crossmember-side members of the clamping claws engage for the pivotable mounting and clamping fixing thereof relative to the longitudinal members and the crossmembers, about a pivot axis. 3. The foundation system as claimed in claims 1 or 2, wherein a respective crossmember-side member comprises a U-shape and is fixed at free ends thereof to a crossmember. 4. The foundation system as claimed in claim 3, wherein a seat of the clamping claws comprises a truncated cone or a ball shape. 5. The foundation system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the tie rods are positioned between the longitudinal-member-side members for the clamping fixing of the clamping claw pairs on the longitudinal members and the crossmember-side members for the pivotable and clamping fixing of the clamping claw pairs on the crossmembers and/or the pivot bearing so that the longitudinal members are mountable in a slidable manner upon being aligned with the tie rods. 6. The foundation system as claimed in claim 5, wherein the crossmember-side members comprise spike extensions which engage in longitudinal slots on the longitudinal members for guiding the longitudinal members upon the longitudinal alignment thereof. 7. The foundation system as claimed in one claim 1, wherein the preassemblable or preassembled fittings are held in a position ready for installation by means of a holding device forming an installation aid. 8. The foundation system as claimed in claim 7, wherein the holding device is elastic so as to be elastically displaceable counter to resetting forces thereof during the course of the installation. 9.-11. (canceled) 12. A preassembled fitting in accordance with the foundation system of claim 1. 13. A crossmember and preassembled fitting in accordance with the foundation system of claim 1 in which the preassembled fitting is preassembled onto the crossmember. 14. A crossmember in accordance with the foundation system of claim 1 in which the crossmembers has a pivot bearing comprising crossmember-side-members, in which the cross-member-side members of the clamping claws engage for the pivotable mounting and clamping fitting thereof relative to the longitudinal members and the crossmembers. 