An apparatus for mounting a power module. In one embodiment, the apparatus comprises a plurality of mounting points that (i) are flexibly connected to one another and (ii) flexibly mount the power module proximate a photovoltaic (PV) module.
Claims 1. An apparatus for mounting a power module, comprising: a plurality of mounting points that (i) are flexibly connected to one another and (ii) flexibly mount the power module proximate a photovoltaic (PV) module. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the plurality of mounting points comprises a first mounting point and at least a second mounting point, wherein the first mounting point provides a rigid mounting point for the power module, and wherein each mounting point of the at least a second mounting point provides a non-rigid mounting point for the power module. 3. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein each mounting point of the at least a second mounting point defines a groove that retains a protuberance from the power module such that a first gap exists between the mounting point and the protuberance. 4. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein the protuberance is a power module foot, and wherein the foot is retained such that a second gap exists between the power module foot and the PV module when the PV module is unflexed. 5. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the plurality of mounting points mount the power module proximate the PV module such that a space exists between a face of the power module and a face of the PV module. 6. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein the first mounting point electrically couples the power module to the PV module. 7. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein the at least a second mounting point comprises a second mounting point and a third mounting point; and wherein the first mounting point is coupled to the second mounting point by a first flexible web, the second mounting point is coupled to the third mounting point by a second flexible web, and the third mounting point is coupled to the first mounting point by a third flexible web. 8. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein the second and third mounting points each comprise a pad having a lattice structure and a plurality of adhesive wells for adhering the pad to the PV module. 9. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein for each adhesive well of the plurality of adhesive wells, a wall of the adhesive well defines an aperture for allowing excessive adhesive to escape. 10. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the power module is a DC-AC converter. 11. A system for mounting a power module, comprising: the power module; a photovoltaic (PV) module; and a resilient mounting assembly comprising a plurality of mounting points that (i) are flexibly connected to one another and (ii) flexibly mount the power module proximate the PV module. 12. The system of claim 11, wherein the plurality of mounting points comprises a first mounting point and at least a second mounting point, wherein the first mounting point provides a rigid mounting point for the power module, and wherein each mounting point of the at least a second mounting point provides a non-rigid mounting point for the power module. 13. The system of claim 12, wherein each mounting point of the at least a second mounting point defines a groove that retains a protuberance from the power module such that a first gap exists between the mounting point and the protuberance. 14. The system of claim 13, wherein the protuberance is a power module foot, and wherein the foot is retained such that a second gap exists between the power module foot and the PV module when the PV module is unflexed. 15. The system of claim 11, wherein the plurality of mounting points mount the power module proximate the PV module such that a space exists between a face of the power module and a face of the PV module. 16. The system of claim 12, wherein the first mounting point electrically couples the power module to the PV module. 17. The system of claim 12, wherein the at least a second mounting point comprises a second mounting point and a third mounting point; and wherein the first mounting point is coupled to the second mounting point by a first flexible web, the second mounting point is coupled to the third mounting point by a second flexible web, and the third mounting point is coupled to the first mounting point by a third flexible web. 18. The system of claim 17, wherein the second and third mounting points each comprise a pad having a lattice structure and a plurality of adhesive wells for adhering the pad to the PV module. 19. The system of claim 18, wherein for each adhesive well of the plurality of adhesive wells, a wall of the adhesive well defines an aperture for allowing excessive adhesive to escape. 20. The system of claim 11, wherein the power module is a DC-AC converter. 