An inverter operable to interface with a generator that has a number of partial strings includes an inverter bridge circuit configured to connect to the partial strings, and a control device operably associated with the inverter bridge circuit. The inverter further includes a series-connection switching device configured to selectively connect the partial strings in series in response to a control signal from the control device such that the series-connection switching device interrupts the series connection of the partial strings in case of a hazard condition detected by the control device.
Claims 1. An inverter operable to interface with a generator that has a number of partial strings, comprising: an inverter bridge circuit configured to connect to the partial strings; a control device operably associated with the inverter bridge circuit; and a series-connection switching device configured to selectively connect the partial strings in series in response to a control signal from the control device such that the series-connection switching device interrupts the series connection of the partial strings in case of a detected hazard condition. 2. The inverter as claimed in claim 1, wherein the partial strings are dimensioned such that a maximum voltage thereof is lower than 120 volts. 3. The inverter as claimed in claim 1, wherein the generator comprises at least three partial strings. 4. The inverter as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a d.c. disconnecting device that is controlled by the control device and configured to selectively disconnect the partial strings from the inverter. 5. The inverter as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a short-circuiting device that is controlled by the control device and configured to selectively short-circuit the partial strings. 6. The inverter as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a parallel-connection switching device that is controlled by the control device, wherein in case of the detected hazard condition, the parallel-connection switching device is configured to selectively connect the partial strings in parallel. 7. The inverter as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a grounding device that is controlled by the control device, wherein in case of the detected hazard condition, the grounding device is configured to selectively connect at least one of the terminals of at least one of the partial strings to ground. 8. The inverter as claimed in claim 1, wherein the series-connection switching device comprises a relay or a semiconductor switch. 9. The inverter as claimed in claim 4, wherein the d.c. disconnecting device comprises a relay or a semiconductor switch. 10. The inverter as claimed in claim 1, wherein the control device is configured to detect an operating state of the photovoltaic installation that is associated with the hazard condition. 11. The inverter as claimed in claim 1, wherein the control device is configured to receive a signal that is associated with the hazard condition, and wherein the signal is transmitted via a control line, by wireless connection, or via connecting lines to the partial strings or to an electricity grid. 12. A method for limiting a voltage of a generator of a photovoltaic installation in case of a hazard using a device arranged in an inverter, comprising: operating the photovoltaic installation at a generator voltage that exceeds a hazard limit value; detecting a hazard condition; and controlling the generator voltage to a value that lies below the hazard limit value, in response to the detection of the hazard condition, wherein the controlling is performed local to inverter. 13. The method as claimed in claim 12, wherein controlling the generator voltage to a value that lies below the hazard limit value comprises switching the partial strings of the generator from a series configuration to a parallel configuration. 14. The method as claimed in claim 13, further comprising establishing an electrical connection between at least one of the terminals of at least one of the partial strings and ground, in response to the detection of a hazard condition. 15. The method as claimed in claim 12, wherein controlling the generator voltage to a value that lies below the hazard limit value is achieved by means of a step-up converter, which converts the generator voltage to a specific input voltage value for an inverter bridge. 16. The method as claimed in claim 12, wherein detecting a hazard condition comprises detecting one of the following: occurrence of an islanding situation; detection of an arc on the electrical lines of the photovoltaic installation; detection of a ground fault on the electrical lines of the photovoltaic installation; tripping of a generator disconnection device; tripping of a manual emergency shutdown device; response of an external sensor device; detection of variations in electrical parameters on the photovoltaic installation that are typically indicative of a hazard; and reception of a further signal that is associated with a hazard condition from a further photovoltaic installation or a further inverter, the photovoltaic installation is connected to in a data network. 17. The method as claimed in claim 12, wherein the hazard limit value lies between 60 volts and 150 volts. 18. The method as claimed in claim 12, wherein during the controlling of the generator voltage to a value that lies below the hazard limit value, further comprising continuing to feed electric power to an electricity grid to which the photovoltaic installation is connected. 19. The method as claimed in claim 12, wherein controlling the generator voltage to a value that lies below the hazard limit value comprises short-circuiting one of the partial strings of the generator. 