An integrated control system for power generation devices that is configured for generating, charging and consuming the power with the most appropriate distribution ratio, by monitoring an internal impedance thereof and of the battery in real time, and then controlling the impedance-matching units so that each internal impedance of the multiple power generation modules becomes almost equal to that of the battery, for drawing the maximum efficiency out of the modules.
Claims 1. An integrated control system, for power generation devices, comprising: a plurality of power generation modules composed of different power-harvesting media from each other; a plurality of impedance matching units, each of which is configured to match an internal impedance of one of the power generation modules; a control unit for monitoring and controlling the plurality of impedance-matching units; and a battery which is charged with the plurality of power generation modules and supplying the power charged in the battery or generated by the power generation modules to be consumed by loads, wherein the control unit monitors the internal impedance of each of the power generation modules and an internal impedance of the battery in real time, and then controls the impedance-matching units so that each internal impedance of the plurality of the power generation modules becomes almost equal to the detected internal impedance of the battery. 2. The integrated control system for power generation devices according to claim 1, wherein a solar power generation module is included in the plurality of the power generation modules. 3. The integrated control system for power generation devices according to claim 1, wherein a radio-wave power generation module is included in the plurality of the power generation modules. 4. The integrated control system for power generation devices according to claim 1, wherein a thermal power generation module is included in the plurality of the power generation modules. 5. The integrated control system for power generation devices according to claim 1, wherein a vibration power generation module is included in the plurality of the power generation modules. 6. The integrated control system for power generation devices according to claim 1, wherein the power generation device is mounted on a vehicle. 