A method for determining a maximum power point (MPP) of a photovoltaic generator (PV) by variation of at least one parameter of search voltage and search current, within a maximally searchable search area on a power/voltage curve is disclosed. The method includes initializing by defining a start point with a start voltage and a start current, searching for the maximum power point (MPP) in at least one search direction by repeated variation of the search voltage or search current in the search area taking account of at least two limiting conditions for limiting the search area, wherein at least one of the limiting conditions for limiting the search area are is determined with evaluation of parameters provided in an operating state already attained during the search, and ending the search if one of the at least two limiting conditions for limiting the search area is met.
Claims 1. A method for determining a maximum power point (MPP) of a photovoltaic generator (PV) by variation of at least one parameter of two parameters comprising a search voltage and a search current by means of a device connected downstream of the photovoltaic generator, within a maximally searchable search area on a power/voltage curve, comprising: a) initializing by defining a start point with a start power comprising a start voltage and a start current; b) searching for the maximum power point (MPP) in at least one search direction by a repeated variation of the search voltage or the search current in the search area taking account of at least two limiting conditions for limiting the search area, wherein at least one of the limiting conditions for limiting the search area is determined with evaluation of parameters provided in an operating state already attained during the search; and c) ending the search if one of the at least two limiting conditions for limiting the search area in step b) is met. 2. A method for determining a maximum power point (MPP) of a photovoltaic generator (PV) by variation of at least one parameter of the two parameters comprising a search voltage and a search current by means of a device connected downstream of the photovoltaic generator, within a maximally searchable search area on a power/voltage curve, comprising: a) initializing by defining a start point with a start power comprising a start voltage and a start current, b) searching for the maximum power point (MPP) in a first search direction by a repeated variation of the search voltage or the search current in the search area taking account of at least one first limiting condition for limiting the search area, wherein the first limiting condition for limiting the search area is determined with evaluation of parameters provided in an operating state already attained during the search; c) ending the search in the first search direction if the first limiting condition for limiting the search area in step (b) is met; d) then searching for the maximum power point (MPP) in a second search direction by a repeated variation of the search voltage or the search current in the search area taking account of at least one second limiting condition for limiting the search area, wherein the second limiting condition for limiting the search area are is determined with evaluation of parameters provided in an operating state already attained during the search; and e) ending the search in the second search direction if the second limiting condition for limiting the search area in step d) is met. 3. The method according to claim 2, wherein two or more limiting conditions for limiting a search area are taken into account in the search. 4. The method according to claim 2, wherein the at least one limiting condition for limiting a search area comprises a determined termination condition that states that the search direction is maintained as long as there is a prospect of a power increase in the remaining search area. 5. The method according to claim 2, wherein a maximum search voltage and a maximum search current are taken into account when defining the search area at the start point. 6. The method according to claim 2, wherein the searching in the first search direction comprises a right-hand search. 7. The method according to claim 2, wherein the searching in the second search direction comprises a left-hand search. 8. The method according to claim 2, further comprising continuously checking whether one of the limiting conditions for limiting the search area is met during the progression of the method. 9. The method according to claim 2, wherein the at least one limiting condition for limiting a search area comprises a logically determined termination condition that states that a minimum power is undershot in the event of a search direction being maintained. 10. The method according to claim 2, wherein the at least one limiting condition is a termination condition that takes account of one or more of the following parameters individually or in combination: Upv:=present photovoltaic generator voltage, ipv:=present photovoltaic generator current, Ppv:=present photovoltaic generator power, Pmin:=a minimum power of the photovoltaic generator that is to be complied with, Pmax:=maximum power previously found during a search, and Isearch:=maximum search current (or maximum inverter PV current), Usearch:=maximum search voltage, Prated:=rated power of the photovoltaic generator, ki:=factor MPP current/short-circuit current of a corresponding cell type. 11. The method according to claim 2, wherein a maximum possible power in the first search direction is higher than a maximum possible power in the second search direction. 12. The method according to claim 2, wherein the maximum power point respectively determined is stored. 13. The method according to claim 2, wherein the determined maximum power point is set after the search has been ended. 14. The method according to claim 2, wherein the searching in the second search direction is skipped if a limiting condition for limiting the search area is met. 15. The method according to claim 2, wherein the first limiting condition is different from the second limiting condition. 16. The method according to claim 4, wherein the power increase exceeds a predefined minimum value that is different from zero. 