A device for supporting and attaching panels to a roof including an added sealing covering on the surface thereof includes brackets for tiltedly supporting and bearing the panels, including a bottom bearing portion and at least one top portion for supporting the panels, the brackets having a triangular structure and consisting of a hollow body. The device is characterized in that the bottom portion (4) of the brackets (3) is provided, on the underside thereof, with at least one added plate (5) secured to the console (3), wherein the plate(s) (5) consist of a material or contain a material that is compatible with and/or similar to the layer or the surface coating of the roof covering (2), and are bonded to the layer or the covering by an adhesive bond, and in that the top portion (4') provides bearing surfaces for the edges of the panels or profile members for mounting such panels.
Claims 1-23. (canceled) 24. Device for support and attachment of elements (1) in the form of plates, panels or the like on a building roof cover (2), at some distance from the latter, with said cover comprising on the surface a covering or a sealing layer connected to the essentially continuous support forming the roof, to an underlying layer or sealing covering, or to a thermal insulation layer covering this support, the device comprising inclined support and holding brackets (3) for the elements (1) in the form of plates, panels or the like, arranged according to at least one alignment, each of these brackets (3) having a lower portion (4) designed to rest on the surface of the cover and to be secured to the latter, and at least one upper portion (4') designed to support directly or indirectly one or more elements (1) in the form of plates, panels or the like, at least some brackets (3), preferably all of the brackets, having, seen from the side, a triangular structure whose base is formed by the lower portion and whose side(s) defining with the base an acute angle is (are) formed by the upper portion(s) ensuring the inclined support and holding, each bracket consisting primarily of a hollow body, which may or may not consist of a single piece, the lower portion (4) of at least some brackets (3), preferably each bracket (3), being provided on the underside with at least one portion (5) of plate, panel, membrane or sheet, forming a connected protector that is secured to the bracket (3), with the protector or each protector (5) consisting of a material or being based on a material that is compatible with and/or of the same nature as the layer or the covering on the surface of the cover (2) and being connected to this layer or to this covering by an adhesive connection, device characterized in that the upper portions (4') of the brackets (3) comprise one or more portions of wall of said hollow body (3') providing one or more elongated support surface(s) (9) for the lateral edges (1') of the panels (1) or the like or for profile members (20) for mounting such panels, each panel (1) or the like being supported only at its opposite lateral edges, optionally by means of rails (20), by two brackets (3) that are separated from one another by an alignment. 25. Device according to claim 24, wherein the lower portion (4) of each bracket (3) has at least one lateral formation (6, 6') of the flat-surface type or the like, providing, each if necessary, an external support area, designed to work by surface contact with the protector or one of the protector(s) (5) and provided with several openings (6'') for accommodating mechanical attachment elements (7), with the latter passing through the corresponding protector (5) and each being combined with a small plate, optionally a common small plate, or with a washer (8) that is designed to press locally said protector (5) against said lateral formation (6, 6') from below. 26. Device according to claim 24, wherein the lower portion (4) of each bracket (3) has an external surface support area at least at each of its opposite longitudinal ends, preferably extending symmetrically from each side of the bracket (3) being considered, a protector (5) being attached, preferably mechanically, at each of said ends, under the lower surface support areas of lateral support formations (6, 6') of said lower portion (4) and with a surface extension that is respectively larger than the latter. 27. Device according to claim 24, wherein the surface adhesive connection between the protector or each protector (5) and the layer or the surface covering of the cover (2) is a connection by gluing, with the gluing agent being a connected additional agent. 28. Device according to claim 24, wherein the surface adhesive connection between the protector or each protector (5) and the layer or the surface covering of the cover (2) is a cold adhesion connection, with the underside of the protector (5) comprising a covering having suitable properties. 29. Device according to claim 24, wherein the surface adhesive connection between the protector or each protector (5) and the layer or the surface covering of the cover (2) is a connection by welding, with the protector (5) and the layer or surface covering preferably being based on a bituminous or synthetic sealing membrane. 30. Device according to claim 24, wherein the surface adhesive connection between the protector or each protector (5) and the layer or the surface covering of the cover (2) extends essentially over the entire surface of the underside of the protector (5) being considered. 31. Device according to claim 24, wherein each bracket (3) consists of a hollow body (3') that is obtained by molding or thermoforming a polymer material and wherein the wall portion(s) of said hollow body (3') of the upper portion (4') provide(s) one or more elongated support surface(s) (9) for the lateral edge (1') of a photovoltaic panel (1) or the like, for the lateral edges (1') of at least two photovoltaic panels mounted side-by-side or for profile members (20) for mounting such panels (1). 32. Device according to claim 31, wherein each bracket (3) comprises a large number of hooking or anchoring sites (10) for removable engagement means (10') for a lateral attachment of panels or the like (1) that are directly supported by the bracket (3) being considered or for an attachment of intermediate profile members (20) for mounting such panels or the like (1), with these sites (10) being distributed along elongated support surfaces (9) of the upper portion (4) of the bracket (3) being considered. 33. Device according to claim 32, wherein each elongated support surface (9) is subdivided, in the direction of its greatest length, by stop means (11) into two elementary surfaces (9'), each capable of supporting a lateral edge (1') or a portion of a lateral edge (1') of a panel or the like (1), and wherein the hooking or anchoring sites (10) come in the form of perforations made in one or more metal plates (12) that are integrated into the hollow body (3') of the bracket (3) in question. 34. Device according to claim 31, wherein the hollow body (3') consists of two complementary half-shells (3''), having symmetrical shapes, and assembled with one another along a median plane at least at peripheral edges (13) in contact with said half-shells (3''), and optionally at formations (18), projecting toward the inside and in mutual contact, of the two half-shells (3''). 35. Device according to claim 34, wherein hooking or anchoring sites (10) for removable means (10') of lateral attachment of panels (1) or the like in the form of metal plates (12) that are elongated and pierced along a central strip (12') are combined with at least some of the elongated support surfaces (9) of the upper portion (4) of each bracket (3), whereby these plates (12), on both sides of said central strip (12'), comprise lateral wings (12'') that are designed to be embedded in suitable receiving gaps (14) that are formed in, close to, or under the wall portions (9) forming the upper portion (4') of the bracket (3) in such a way that said elongated metal plates (12) are held rigidly in the hollow body (3') by opposite interlocking after assembly of the two half-shells (3''), the perforated central strip (12') of each plate (12) having hooking or anchoring sites (10), with said strip being visible through an opening formed by cooperation of suitable cutouts (15) of wall portions (9) of two half-shells (4'). 36. Device according to claim 35, wherein each half-shell (3'') comprises, at the upper portion (4') of the bracket (3) being considered, local deformations (19, 19') of the side wall and wall portions forming the elongated support surfaces (9), which define by cooperation the receiving gaps (14) for the lateral wings (12'') of the plates (12). 37. Device according to claim 32, wherein it comprises at least two profile members (20) extending parallel in the direction of the alignment of brackets (3), resting on the support surfaces (9) that are elongated and secured to the anchoring or hooking sites (10), with these profile members (20) having removable engagement sites for the panels (1) or the like, making possible an adjacent mounting beside the latter on said profile members (20). 38. Device according to claim 31, wherein the upper portion (4') of the hollow body (3') of each bracket (3) comprises multiple elongated support surfaces (9), separated from one another by one or more through transverse cavity(ies) or cutout(s) (16) that consist of local deformations of its wall of the hollow body (3') and each adapted to constitute a support bearing for an elongated element (17) such as a pipe, channel, funnel, cable path, or the like. 39. Device according to claim 31, wherein the hollow body (3') of each bracket (3), optionally formed by assembly of two thermoformed half-shells (3''), is made of a polymer material that is selected from the group that is formed by high-density polyethylene (HDPE), polycarbonate, an ABS/PMMA mixture, and polypropylene, and wherein it comprises hollow and projecting reinforcement formations (18, 18') at its side walls, the latter being divergent in the direction of the lower portion (4) of the hollow body (3'), with the two half-shells (3'') being, if necessary, assembled by gluing, welding, elastic interlocking or catch interlocking, mechanical attachment, for example by screws/nuts, or the like. 40. Device according to claim 24, wherein the hollow bodies (3') of the brackets (3) have a tapered shape from their upper portion (4') to their lower portion (4), thus having a truncated shape in cross-section. 41. Device according to claim 25, wherein the lower portion (4) of each bracket (3) has an open structure on the underside and wherein the corresponding hollow body (3') comprises, in addition to the outside lateral formations (6, 6'), also inside lateral formations (22) constituting support areas at lower edges of the walls of said hollow body (3'). 42. Roofing system with two integrated components comprising a lower airtight cover with a covering or a surface sealing layer, preferably a synthetic or bituminous sealing membrane, and an upper layer composed of elements in the form of plates, panels or the like, in particular photovoltaic panels, located at some distance from the lower airtight cover, system wherein the elements (1) of the upper layer are carried and held on the cover (2) by a support and attachment device according to claim 24. 43. Roofing system according to claim 42, wherein the airtight cover (2) has on the surface a bituminous sealing membrane, optionally forming part of a sealing complex with two superposed layers, and wherein the elements (1) of the upper layer consist of photovoltaic panels. 44. Inclined support and holding bracket that is designed to be part of a device for support and attachment of elements in the form of plates according to claim 24, essentially consisting of a hollow body of triangular shape, with a lower portion that is designed to rest on the surface of the cover and to be secured to the latter and at least one upper portion that is designed to support directly or indirectly one or more elements in the form of plates, panels or the like, with this bracket having, seen from the side, a triangular structure whose base is formed by the lower portion and of which the side(s) defining an acute angle with the base is (are) formed by the upper portion(s) ensuring the inclined support and holding, bracket (3) wherein its lower portion (4) is provided on the underside with at least one portion (5) of plate, panel, membrane or sheet, forming a connected protector that is secured to said lower portion (4), with the protector or each protector (5) consisting of a material or being based on a material that is compatible with and/or of the same nature as the layer or the surface covering of the cover (2) and being connected to this layer or to this covering by an adhesive connection, and wherein the upper portion (4') comprises one or more portions of wall of said hollow body (3') providing one or more elongated support surface(s) (9) for the lateral edges (1') of the panels (1) or the like or for profile members (20) for mounting such panels. 45. Bracket according to claim 44, wherein the hollow body (3') consists of two complementary half-shells (3'') made of polymer or metal material, having symmetrical shapes, and assembled with one another along a median plane at least at the peripheral edges (13) in contact with said half-shells (3'') and optionally at the formations (18) projecting toward the inside and in mutual contact with the two half-shells (3''), and wherein hooking or anchoring sites (10) for removable means (10') for lateral attachment of panels (1) or the like in the form of metal plates (12) that are elongated and pierced along a central strip (12') are combined with at least some of the elongated support surfaces (9) of the upper portion (4), with these plates (12) comprising, on both sides of said central strip (12'), lateral wings (12'') that are embedded in suitable receiving gaps (14) that are formed in, close to or under the wall portions (9) that form the upper portion (4'), in such a way that said elongated metal plates (12) form inserts rigidly in the hollow body (3') by opposite interlocking in the gaps (14) of the two assembled half-shells (3''), with the central perforated strip (12') of each plate (12) having hooking or anchoring sites (10), with said strip being visible through an opening formed by cooperation of suitable cutouts (15) of wall portions (9) of two half-shells (4'). 46. Bracket according to claim 45, wherein each half-shell (3'') comprises, at the upper portion (4'), local deformations (19, 19') of the side wall and wall portions forming the elongated support surfaces (9), which define by cooperation the receiving gaps (14) for the lateral wings (12'') of the plates (12). 