A mounting system for positioning at least one photovoltaic module of a PV-module unit on a planar flat roof in an inclined position defining an angle with the flat roof, comprising: a frame, wherein the frame defines a PV-module unit mounting side, a back side, two lateral sides, and a bottom side, which commonly define a prism, the base area of which corresponds to one of the lateral sides, the cover area of which corresponds to the other one of the lateral sides, and a jacket area of which corresponds to the mounting side, the back side and the bottom side. The mounting and back sides intersect along an imaginary line which defines a ridge arranged oppositely to the bottom side. A wind deflector may be attached to the back side such that an open ridge gap is formed and connects an interior of the prism to the environment.
Claims 1. A mounting system for installing and positioning a photovoltaic (PV)-module unit on a planar flat roof in an inclined position defining an angle Alpha with the flat roof, wherein the PV-module unit has an upper edge and comprises at least one PV module, the system comprising: a frame, wherein the frame comprises: a PV-module unit mounting side; a back side; lateral sides; and a bottom side; the sides of the frame commonly defining a prism having an interior, a base area, a cover area, and a jacket area; the base area corresponding to one of the lateral sides, the cover area corresponding to another one of the lateral sides, and the jacket area corresponding to the mounting side, the back side and the bottom side; wherein the mounting side and the back side enclose an angle Beta; wherein the mounting side and the back side intersect along an imaginary line of intersection, which defines a ridge being arranged oppositely to the bottom side; and wherein the bottom side is arranged, in an installed state of the mounting system, oppositely to the flat roof; a side-covering for each of the lateral sides, wherein each of the side-coverings covers an associated one of the lateral sides; a wind deflector attached to the back side and covering the back side, wherein the wind deflector comprises an upper edge; wherein in a region of the ridge between the wind deflector and the PV-module unit, if the PV-module unit is attached to the mounting side, an open ridge gap is formed connecting the interior of the prism to an outer environment of the prism, wherein a perpendicular projection of the ridge gap onto the flat roof defines a first area; wherein at least one of: a first open foot gap in a lower region of the mounting side between the flat roof and the attached PV module unit, and a second open foot gap in a lower region of the back side between the flat roof and the wind deflector is formed; wherein a perpendicular projection of each of the foot gaps onto a first imaginary plane, which is oriented perpendicular to the flat roof, respectively defines a second area; wherein the first area is at least as great as a sum of the second areas; and wherein the upper edge of the wind deflector and the upper edge of the PV module unit are arranged in a second imaginary plane, which is oriented parallel to the flat roof. 2. The mounting system of claim 1, wherein the angle Beta is obtuse. 3. The mounting system of claim 1, wherein the wind deflector comprises a covering area and a spoiler, the spoiler having a spoiler area, wherein the spoiler area is arranged adjacent to the covering area and is oriented in an angle relative to the back side so that the spoiler area protrudes from the back side. 4. The mounting system of claim 3, wherein the spoiler area is oriented substantially perpendicular relative to the flat roof in an installed state of the mounting system. 5. The mounting system of claim 1, wherein the lateral sides are substantially triangular in shape. 6. The mounting system of claim 1, wherein the lateral sides are arranged parallel to each other. 7. The mounting system of claim 1, wherein the bottom side is open. 8. The mounting system of claim 1, wherein the frame further comprises at least one of: a module support section, a set-up section, and a base section. 9. The mounting system of claim 1, wherein the PV-module unit comprises at least one of: the at least one PV module, and at least one module support section. 10. The mounting system of claim 1, wherein the PV-module unit further comprises at least one adapter plate attachable to the frame on the mounting side between the at least one PV module and the flat roof or between the at least one PV module and the ridge gap. 11. The mounting system of claim 1, wherein the gaps are arranged parallel to each other. 12. The mounting system of claim 1, wherein the side-covering and the wind deflector cover the sides, which are associated with them, in a substantially air tight manner. 