A buss bar strip for mounting to a solar panel to electrically connect to a series of electrical lines extending from solar cells. The buss bar strip can include a thin elongate flat flexible strip of insulative material having a longitudinal length. A predetermined pattern of elongate conductors can be longitudinally disposed on the insulative strip in at least two rows along the longitudinal length and electrically isolated from each other. Each conductor can have a predetermined position, length, and spacing from each other on the insulative strip for laterally electrically connecting to selected electrical lines from the solar cells at lateral electrical connection points located along the length of the conductor on exposed surfaces on the conductor.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A buss bar strip for mounting to a solar panel to electrically connect to a series of electrical lines extending from solar cells comprising: a thin elongate flat flexible strip of insulative material having a longitudinal length; and a predetermined pattern of elongate conductors longitudinally disposed on the insulative strip in at least two rows along the longitudinal length and electrically isolated from each other, each of said conductors having a predetermined position, length, and spacing from each other on the insulative strip for laterally electrically connecting to selected said electrical lines from the solar cells at lateral electrical connection points located along the length of each of said conductors on exposed surfaces on each of said conductors, and further comprising terminal pads extending from the elongate conductors at an electrical connection region. 2. The buss bar strip of claim 1 in which the insulative strip is formed of flexible polymeric material. 3. The buss bar strip of claim 2 in which the elongate conductors comprise generally flat ribbons of copper material laminated to the insulative strip. 4. The buss bar strip of claim 3 in which the flat ribbons of copper material are coated with a layer of solder. 5. The buss bar strip of claim 4 in which at least some of the conductors are longitudinally staggered. 6. The buss bar strip of claim 5 in which the pattern of conductors include the electrical connection region for electrically connecting to an external device. 7. The buss bar strip of claim 6 in which the electrical connection region is at a central location on the buss bar strip. 8. The buss bar strip of claim 7 in which the elongate electrical conductors include at least four elongate conductors extending from the electrical connection region, at least two of said conductors extending on one side, and at least two of said conductors extending on an opposite side. 9. The buss bar strip of claim 8 in which on each side of the electrical connection region, one of said conductors is shorter than the other of said conductors. 10. The buss bar strip of claim 1 further comprising a male circular connector soldered to each of said terminal pads. 11. The buss bar strip of claim 1 in which the insulative strip is a first insulative strip, the buss bar strip further comprising a second thin elongate flat flexible strip of insulative material laminated to the first strip and over the pattern of conductors, the second strip having access windows at selected locations for providing lateral electrical connection points on the conductors. 12. A solar panel comprising: a series of solar cells having a series of electrical lines extending therefrom at laterally spaced intervals; and a buss bar strip mounted to the solar panel adjacent to the series of solar cells and electrically connected to the series of electrical lines extending from the solar cells, the buss bar strip comprising a thin elongate flat flexible strip of insulative material having a longitudinal length, and a predetermined pattern of elongate conductors longitudinally disposed on the insulative strip in at least two rows along the longitudinal length and electrically isolated from each other, each of said conductors having a predetermined position, length, and spacing from each other on the insulative strip and laterally electrically connected to selected said electrical lines from the solar cells at lateral electrical connection points located along the length of each of said conductors on exposed surfaces on each of said conductors, and further comprising terminal pads extending from the elongate conductors at an electrical connection region. 13. The solar panel of claim 12 in which the insulative strip is formed of flexible polymeric material. 14. The solar panel of claim 13 in which the elongate conductors comprise generally flat ribbons of copper material laminated to the insulative strip. 15. The solar panel of claim 14 in which the flat ribbons of copper material are coated with a layer of solder. 16. The solar panel of claim 15 in which at least some of the conductors are longitudinally staggered. 17. The solar panel of claim 16 in which the pattern of conductors include the electrical connection region for electrically connecting to an external device. 18. The solar panel of claim 17 in which the electrical connection region is at a central location on the buss bar strip. 19. The solar panel of claim 12 further comprising a male circular connector soldered to each of said terminal pads. 20. The solar panel of claim 19 in which the elongate electrical conductors include at least four elongate conductors extending from the electrical connection region, at least two of said conductors extending on one side, and at least two of said conductors extending on an opposite side. 21. The solar panel of claim 20 in which on each side of the electrical connection region, one of said conductors is shorter than the other of said conductors. 22. The solar panel of claim 19 in which the external device is an electrical connector having female terminals that engage the male circular connectors. 23. The solar panel of claim 12 in which the insulative strip is a first insulative strip, the buss bar strip further comprising a second thin elongate flat flexible strip of insulative material laminated to the first strip and over the pattern of conductors, the second strip having access windows at selected locations for providing lateral electrical connection points on the conductors. 24. The solar panel of claim 12 further comprising lamination materials extending over the buss bar strip. 25. A method of forming a buss bar strip for mounting to a solar panel for electrically connecting to a series of electrical lines extending from solar cells comprising: providing a thin elongate flat flexible strip of insulative material having a longitudinal length; and disposing a predetermined pattern of elongate conductors longitudinally on the insulative strip in at least two rows along the longitudinal length and electrically isolated from each other, each of said conductors having a predetermined position, length, and spacing from each other on the insulative strip for laterally electrically connecting to selected said electrical lines from the solar cells at lateral electrical connection points located along the length of each of said conductors on exposed surfaces on each of said conductors, and further comprising extending terminal pads from the elongate conductors at an electrical connection region. 26. The method of claim 25 further comprising forming the insulative strip from flexible polymeric material. 27. The method of claim 26 further comprising forming the elongate conductors from generally flat ribbons of copper material laminated to the insulative strip. 28. The method of claim 27 further comprising coating the flat ribbons of copper material with a layer of solder. 29. The method of claim 28 further comprising longitudinally staggering at least some of the conductors. 30. The method of claim 29 further comprising forming the pattern of conductors to include the electrical connection region for electrically connecting to an external device. 31. The method of claim 30 further comprising positioning the electrical connection region at a central location on the buss bar strip. 32. The method of claim 25 further comprising soldering a male circular connector to each of said terminal pads. 33. The method of claim 32 in which the elongate electrical conductors include at least four elongate conductors, the method further comprising extending from the electrical connection region, at least two of said conductors on one side, and at least two of said conductors on an opposite side. 34. The method of claim 33 further comprising forming on each side of the electrical connection region, one of said conductors shorter than the other of said conductors. 35. The method of claim 25 in which the insulative strip is a first insulative strip, the method further comprising providing the buss bar strip with a second thin elongate flat flexible strip of insulative material laminated to the first strip and over the pattern of conductors, the second strip having access windows at selected locations for providing lateral electrical connection points on the conductors. 36. A method of electrically connecting a solar panel, the solar panel including a series of solar cells having a series of electrical lines extending therefrom at laterally spaced intervals, the method comprising mounting a buss bar strip to the solar panel adjacent to the series of solar cells, the buss bar strip comprising a thin elongate flat flexible strip of insulative material having a longitudinal length, and a predetermined pattern of elongate conductors longitudinally disposed on the insulative strip in at least two rows along the longitudinal length and electrically isolated from each other, each of said conductors having a predetermined position, length, and spacing from each other on the insulative strip and laterally electrically connected to selected said electrical lines from the solar cells at lateral electrical connection points located along the length of each of said conductors on exposed surfaces on each of said conductors, and further comprising extending terminal pads from the elongate conductors at an electrical connection region. 37. The method of claim 36 further comprising forming the insulative strip from flexible polymeric material. 38. The method of claim 37 further comprising forming the elongate conductors from generally flat ribbons of copper material laminated to the insulative strip. 39. The method of claim 38 further comprising coating the flat ribbons of copper material with a layer of solder. 40. The method of claim 39 further comprising longitudinally staggering at least some of the conductors. 41. The method of claim 40 further comprising forming the pattern of conductors to include the electrical connection region for electrically connecting to an external device. 42. The method of claim 41 further comprising positioning the electrical connection region at a central location on the buss bar strip. 43. The method of claim 36 further comprising soldering a male circular connector to each of said terminal pads. 44. The method of claim 43 in which the elongate electrical conductors include at least four elongate conductors, the method further comprising extending from the electrical connection region, at least two of said conductors on one side, and at least two of said conductors on an opposite side. 45. The method of claim 44 further comprising forming on each side of the electrical connection region, one of said conductors shorter than the other of said conductors. 46. The method of claim 43 in which the external device is an electrical connector having female terminals, the method further comprising engaging the female terminals of the electrical connector with the male circular connectors. 47. The method of claim 36 in which the insulative strip is a first insulative strip, the method further comprising providing the buss bar strip with a second thin elongate flat flexible strip of insulative material laminated to the first strip and over the pattern of conductors, the second strip having access windows at selected locations for providing lateral electrical connection points on the conductors. 48. The method of claim 36 further comprising laminating lamination materials over the buss bar strip. 