A mounting system is provided for supporting equipment such as solar module arrays on a rooftop or other underlying surface. The mounting system includes a pipe, and a grasp section. These couple to a base that is extended into or otherwise integrated with the underlying surface. The pipe may be coupled so as to extend a height from the underlying surface. The grasp section is coupled to a top section of the pipe and is structured to secure to a section of the solar module array when the solar module array is installed on the underlying surface.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An installed and mounted solar module system comprising: a solar module array comprising a plurality of solar modules; a mounting system for supporting the solar module array on an underlying surface, the mounting system providing a plurality of mounting points, wherein at one or more of the plurality of mounting points, the mounting system comprises: a foot that is structured to secure to the underlying surface; a pipe coupled to the base so as to extend a height from a underlying surface; and a grasp that is coupled to a top section of pipe and is structured to secure to a section of the equipment when the equipment is installed on the underlying surface. 2. The installed system of claim 1, wherein the underlying surface is a rooftop, and wherein the foot penetrates at least a section of the rooftop. 3. The installed system of claim 2, further comprising: a first wedged-shaped member and a second wedged-shaped member, the first wedged-shaped member extending from the foot, and the second wedged-shaped section being dimensioned to fit within the pipe, wherein the first wedged-shaped section and the second wedged-shaped section combine to secure the pipe to the foot. 4. The installed system of claim 2, further comprising: a star-shaped clamping sub-system to connect the pipe to the foot. 5. The installed system of claim 4, wherein the star-shaped clamping sub-system comprises a star shaped washer and a bolt, wherein the star-shaped washer is structured to mate with the bolt and to expand radially when mated with the bolt; wherein the bolt extends into the foot, and wherein the star-shaped washer retains the pipe securely with the foot when expanded radially from within the pipe. 6. The installed system of claim 2, wherein the base includes one or more flashing structures to deter water. 7. The installed system of claim 1, wherein the pipe is pivotally coupled to the grasp section. 8. The installed system of claim 1, wherein the system is installed by adjusting one or more of (i) an angle of the grasp, or (ii) a dimension that the pipe extends from the underlying surface. 9. The installed system of claim 1, wherein the system is installed by first installing the mounting system, and then adjusting one or more components of the installed mounting system to receive the solar module array. 10. The installed system of claim 1, further comprising a base, wherein the base is installed into the underlying surface and includes one or more flashing features. 11. The installed system of claim 10, wherein the grasp includes a skirt feature that forms a counter-flash for the one or more flashing features of the base. 12. The installed system of claim 10, wherein the pipe and the base provide or are coupled to a wedged-shaped sub-assembly for enabling the pipe and the base to be coupled to one another. 13. The installed system of claim 10, wherein the pipe and the base are coupled using a star-shaped washer. 14. The installed system of claim 10, further comprising an adjustable support that extends from the underlying surface to connect the pipe to the base, wherein the adjustable support enables a top end of the solar module array to be moved along an arc. 15. The installed system of claim 14, wherein the adjustable support includes two or more members that telescope or interleave with one another to adjust an overall length of the adjustable member. 