A strut runner includes a member extending lengthwise in a first direction, where the member includes an underlying panel and one or more walls that extend from the panel. The member may be configured to at least partially support the panel array while being integrated or directly connected to the underlying structure. Additionally, the strut runner may include one or more peripheral extensions that extend a distance outward from the body.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A strut runner for mounting a module array to an underlying structure on an incline, the strut runner comprising: a member extending lengthwise in a first direction, the member including a panel and two or more sidewalls that extend from the panel, the member being configured to at least partially support a solar panel array while being integrated or directly connected to the underlying structure, and wherein the two or more sidewalls each include a plurality of apertures; and a first peripheral extension that extends outward from the member so as to extend upward on the incline; a second peripheral extension that extends outward from the member so as to extend downward on the incline; wherein the first peripheral extension is configured to extend underneath a surface of the underlying structure to facilitate transition of the water flow from the underlying structure through the plurality of apertures of each of the two or more sidewalls and onto the second peripheral extension. 2. The strut runner of claim 1, wherein the one or more peripheral extensions include flashing structures that integrate to the underlying structure. 3. The strut runner of claim 1, wherein the first peripheral extension includes a first flange, and wherein the second peripheral extension includes a second flange, and wherein the first flange extends under a first surface of the underlying structure that is upstream from the member, and the second flange extends over a second surface of the underlying structure that is downstream from the member. 4. The strut runner of claim 1, wherein each of the one or more sidewalls includes a plurality of apertures, the plurality of apertures being positioned to receive water from a water flow when the member is mounted onto the underlying structure. 5. The strut runner of claim 4, wherein the plurality of apertures are positioned to receive water from the water flow when the member is surface mounted onto the underlying structure. 6. The strut runner of claim 4, wherein the plurality of apertures are positioned to receive water from the water flow when the member is sunken in the underlying structure. 7. A strut runner for mounting a module array to an underlying structure, the strut runner comprising: a member extending lengthwise in a first direction, the member including a panel and one or more sidewalls that extend from the panel, each sidewall having a plurality of apertures, the member being configured to at least partially support a solar panel array; and a first flashing structure that integrates the member with the underlying structure, the first flashing structure being shaped relative to the member to enable water to pass over the first flashing structure and through the plurality of apertures of each of the one or more sidewalls. 8. The strut runner of claim 7, wherein the first flashing structure extends upward on an incline of the underlying structure. 9. The strut runner of claim 7, wherein the member is surface mounted onto the underlying structure. 10. The strut runner of claim 7, wherein the member is sunken in the underlying structure. 