A mounting device for solar modules having a large aspect ratio in a parallel arrangement on a flat horizontal substrate includes mounting rails having through-holes at predetermined locations. Insertion elements are attached to the mounting rails at the through-holes. Each insertion element includes a one-piece shaped element having a contiguous surface interrupted by an insertion slit configured to receive a lengthwise edge area of a solar module, the insertion slit extending at a predetermined insertion angle. A plastic wedge is configured to secure the received lengthwise edge area of the solar module in the insertion slit.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A mounting device for solar modules having a large aspect ratio in a parallel arrangement on a flat horizontal substrate, the mounting device comprising: mounting rails having through-holes at predetermined locations corresponding to the parallel arrangement, the mounting rails being adapted for mounting on the flat horizontal substrate; insertion elements attached to the mounting rails at the through-holes, each insertion element includes a one-piece shaped element having a contiguous surface interrupted by an insertion slit configured to receive a lengthwise edge area of a solar module, the insertion slit extending at a predetermined insertion angle that is one of inclined or perpendicular relative to the flat horizontal substrate; and a plastic wedge is configured to secure the received lengthwise edge area of the solar module in the insertion slit. 2. The mounting device according to claim 1, wherein the insertion slit is configured to receive the solar module including a bifacial solar module having a respective photovoltaically active surface on respective sides thereof. 3. The mounting device according to claim 1, wherein each insertion element includes a fixation slit adjacent to the insertion slit, the fixation slit being deeper than the insertion slit and wherein the plastic wedge is configured to engage with the fixation slit. 4. The mounting device according to claim 1, wherein the plastic wedge is elastic. 5. The mounting device according to claim 1, wherein the plastic wedge is configured to conform with a positive fit to an outer contour of the shaped element. 6. The mounting device according to claim 1, wherein the insertion slit includes a cable bushing leading into a cavity of the shaped element. 7. The mounting device according to claim 1, wherein a cavity of the shaped elements includes a cable relief. 8. The mounting device according to claim 1, wherein the plastic wedge is formed from a filling compound that is applied, after the lengthwise edge area of the solar module has been received in the insertion slit, into a fixation slit adjacent to the insertion slit. 9. The mounting device according to claim 8, wherein the fixation slit includes a filling opening for applying the filling compound from a cavity of the shaped element. 10. The mounting device according to claim 1, wherein the shaped element includes guide grooves at bottom portions thereof that are configured to engage with corresponding guide strips in the mounting rail. 11. The mounting device according to claim 1, further comprising angled elements, wherein the shaped elements are attached to the mounting rails through the through holes, the angled elements being configured to engage with the mounting rails through the through-holes from below, each angled element including a positive recess in a leg passing through a respective through-hole, the positive recess being configured to engage with a negative recess disposed on a bottom of a respective shaped element. 12. The mounting device according to claim 1, wherein the shaped element is shaped as a half-shell and includes a support wall disposed through a center region of a cavity of the shaped element. 13. The mounting device according to claim 12, wherein the support wall includes at least one of a negative recess, a cable relief, and a guide groove. 14. The mounting device according to claim 12, wherein the shaped element is open on lengthwise sides thereof. 15. The mounting device according to claim 1, wherein the shaped element is made of plastic. 16. The mounting device according to claim 1, wherein at least two shaped elements are provided for each solar module, the shaped elements being attached in two of the mounting rails disposed parallel at a distance from one another. 17. The mounting device according to claim 1, wherein the mounting rails have a raster-like perforated pattern outside of areas of the through-holes. 18. The mounting device according to claim 1, wherein the mounting rails include side edges that are bent upwards and a respective one of the shaped elements is disposed centrally in each of the mounting rails, the shaped elements having a predetermined width so as to form a cable channel between each shaped element and each side edge. 19. The mounting device according to claim 1, wherein the mounting rails include front and back ends having connection elements for additional mounting rails. 20. The mounting device according to claim 1, wherein the insertion slit is configured to receive the solar module including a frame-less solar panel having a length of approximately 2000 mm, a height of approximately 200 mm and a thickness of approximately 4 mm, wherein the shaped elements have a height of approximately 70 mm, a width of approximately 150 mm, and wherein the insertion slits extend at an insertion angle of 35.degree. relative to the horizontal substrate and have an insertion depth of approximately 20 mm, the shaped elements being at a distance of approximately 500 mm from each other in a parallel arrangement of solar panels. 21. The mounting device according to claim 1, wherein the plastic wedge is configured to be disposed in the insertion slit so as to secure the solar module from only a single side of the solar module. 22. The mounting device according to claim 1, wherein the insertion angle is between 35.degree. and 90.degree. relative to the flat horizontal substrate. 