Disclosed is a method of making an arrangement for collecting or emitting light. A flexible sheet of material serves as substrate for a plurality of light collecting or emitting devices mounted in spaced relation on the sheet. The sheet has thereon electrical leads for interconnection to each device. For each device, a respective light coupler is formed by (1) forming a plurality of reflectors on the sheet around the intended periphery of the respective device, by applying reflective material to selected areas of the sheet; (2) forming cut lines around selected edges of the plurality of reflectors; (3) forming fold lines associated with the reflectors; and (4) folding the reflectors and attached substrate away from the substrate portion on which the device is mounted, to form a coupler whose interior is reflective and that is substantially closed around a main axis of light propagation into or from the respective device.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method of making an arrangement for collecting or emitting light, comprising: a) providing a flexible sheet of material as a substrate for a plurality of light collecting or emitting devices and for formation of a respective light coupler for each of the plurality of light collecting or emitting devices; b) mounting the plurality of light collecting or emitting devices being spaced apart on the sheet, wherein the light collecting or emitting devices convert light into electricity or electricity into light respectively; c) the sheet having thereon electrical leads for interconnection to each of the plurality of light collecting or emitting devices; and d) for each light collecting or emitting device, forming a respective light coupler by forming a plurality of reflectors on the sheet around the intended periphery of the respective light collecting or emitting device, by-- i) applying reflective material to selected areas of the sheet to be formed into reflectors; ii) selectively forming cut lines and fold lines around substantially the full periphery of each of said selected areas; and iii) folding each of the selected areas of the sheet, about said fold lines, away from a plane of a portion of the sheet on which the light collecting or emitting device is mounted, such that a light coupler is formed, wherein the interior of the coupler is reflective and the coupler is substantially closed around a main axis of light propagation into or from the respective light collecting or emitting device. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein each light coupler is formed of four reflector facets, only two of which facets have a direct connection to the sheet, via respective fold lines, and the other two of which facets are each connected to an associated facet via a respective fold line. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein respective dichroic mirrors are formed on a sheet portion, each dichroic mirror being associated with at least a respective one of the mentioned light collecting or emitting devices. 4. The method of claim 3, wherein: a) the respective dichroic mirror is formed on a sheet by applying a layer of dichroic material to the foregoing sheet portion; b) the dichroic mirror reflecting light in a first range of wavelengths and allowing light to pass through the reflector in a second range of wavelengths; the first and second wavelengths being separated by an intermediate wavelength; the sheet being selected to allow at least 70 percent of the light passing through the reflector to pass through the sheet. 5. The method of claim 4, wherein the dichroic mirror formed in such as way that it can be angled away from that portion of the sheet on which it is mounted by-- a) forming a fold line associated with an edge of the dichroic mirror; b) forming a first set of cut lines around other edges of the dichroic mirror; the fold line and first set of cut lines forming a closed loop around more than 95 percent of the periphery of the reflector; c) forming a second set of cut lines around a periphery of the dichroic mirror distal from the foregoing fold line and continuing on each side of the foregoing periphery towards the foregoing fold line, so as to form a U-shaped support for the dichroic mirror; and d) folding the dichroic mirror about the foregoing fold line and folding the U-shaped support away from the reflector so as to be able to support the reflector in an orientation angled away from that portion of the sheet on which said reflector is mounted. 6. The method of claim 4, wherein said first range of wavelengths is shorter than said second range of wavelengths. 7. The method of claim 3, wherein the respective dichroic mirror material is formed on a sheet by cutting a hole in the sheet and covering the hole with a dichroic mirror. 8. The method of claim 3, comprising folding a sheet such that-- a) light passing through one of the mentioned dichroic mirrors is coupled by one of the mentioned light couplers between one of the mentioned light collecting or emitting devices and a respective area spaced from the arrangement; and b) light reflected by the one of the mentioned dichroic mirrors is coupled by another of the mentioned light couplers between another of the mentioned light collecting or emitting devices and a respective area spaced from the arrangement. 9. The method of claim 8, wherein: a) a single flexible sheet is used as substrate for a plurality of light collecting or emitting devices, with repeated units along the length of the sheet; b) each unit being formed as first through fourth consecutive segments along the length of the sheet; c) a mentioned dichroic mirror being formed on the first segment on a first side of the sheet; d) a mentioned light coupler being formed on the second segment on a second side of the sheet; e) the third segment being devoid of a mentioned dichroic mirror and being devoid of a mentioned light coupler; and f) a mentioned light coupler being formed on a fourth segment on the first side of the sheet. 10. The method of claim 8, wherein: a) a single flexible sheet is used as substrate for a plurality of light collecting or emitting devices, with repeated units along the length of the sheet b) each unit being formed as first through fourth consecutive segments along the length of the sheet; c) a mentioned dichroic mirror being formed on the first segment on a first side of the sheet; d) a hole being made in the second segment for allowing one of the mentioned light couplers to protrude therethrough; e) a mentioned light coupler being formed on the third segment on the first side of the sheet; and f) another mentioned light coupler being formed on the fourth segment on the first side of the sheet. 11. The method of claim 8, wherein: a) a single flexible sheet is used as substrate for a plurality of light collecting or emitting devices, with repeated units along the length of the sheet b) each unit being formed as first through third consecutive segments along the length of the sheet; c) a mentioned dichroic mirror being formed on the first segment on a first side of the sheet; d) a mentioned light coupler being formed on the second segment on the first side of the sheet; and e) another mentioned light coupler being formed on the third segment on the first side of the sheet. 12. The method of claim 11, further comprising providing a base and spaced, upstanding walls mounted to the base for supporting said single sheet, wherein: a) the first segment with the dichroic mirror is mounted on a first side of one of the upstanding walls; b) the second segment with a light coupler is mounted on a base on a second side of said one of the upstanding walls; and c) the third segment with a light coupler is mounted to an upstanding wall that is adjacent to said one of the upstanding walls. 13. The method of claim 8, wherein: a) first and second flexible sheets are used as respective substrates for respective pluralities of light collecting or emitting devices, each sheet having repeated units along their respective lengths; b) each unit being formed by respective sheet segment or segments along the length of the respective sheets; c) a mentioned dichroic mirror being formed on a first segment of the first sheet on a first side of the first sheet; d) a mentioned light coupler being formed on a second segment of the first sheet, consecutive with the first segment along the length of the first sheet, also on the first side of the first sheet; e) the foregoing first and second segments of the first sheet constituting a repeated unit in the first sheet along the length of the sheet; and f) a mentioned light coupler being formed on a first segment of the first side of the second sheet; the foregoing first segment being a repeated unit in the second sheet along the length of the second sheet. 14. The method of claim 1, wherein each of the plurality of the light collecting or emitting devices is a photovoltaic cell. 15. The method of claim 1, wherein each of the plurality of the light collecting or emitting devices is a light-emitting diode. 