A power conversion system includes a photovoltaic source to generate direct current (DC) power; a direct current (DC) to an alternating current (AC) single stage inverter to convert the direct current (DC) power from the photovoltaic source to alternating current (AC) power for delivery to a power grid, and a load balancing unit coupled to the single stage inverter. The power conversion system also includes a controller configured to determine a maximum power point for the power conversion system, regulate an output voltage of the single stage inverter, compute a power balance difference between a power demand from the power grid and an output power of the single stage inverter obtainable at the maximum power point and control in real-time the load balancing unit based on the power balance difference.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A power conversion system comprising: a photovoltaic source to generate direct current (DC) power; a direct current (DC) to an alternating current (AC) single stage inverter to convert the direct current (DC) power from the photovoltaic source to alternating current (AC) power for delivery to a power grid; a voltage sensor to obtain a voltage component of the alternating current power; a load balancing unit coupled to the single stage inverter; and a controller configured to: determine a maximum power point for the power conversion system; compute a difference between the voltage component of the alternating current power and a desired regulated grid voltage; use the difference between the voltage component of the alternating current power and the desired regulated grid voltage to generate a control signal for the single stage inverter to drive the voltage component of the alternating current power towards the regulated grid voltage; compute a power balance difference between a power demand from the power grid and an output power of the single stage inverter obtainable at the maximum power point; and control in real-time the load balancing unit based on the power balance difference. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the load balancing unit comprises an energy storage element. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein the energy storage element comprises a battery or an ultra-capacitor. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein the load balancing unit comprises a resistor or a power dissipative element. 5. The system of claim 2, wherein the load balancing unit further comprises a DC to DC converter and the energy storage element is coupled via the DC to DC converter to a DC link between the photovoltaic source and the single stage inverter. 6. The system of claim 2 wherein the load balancing unit further comprises a DC to AC converter and the energy storage element is coupled via the DC to AC converter to a power line between the single stage inverter and the power grid. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein the load balancing unit comprises a variable load. 8. The system of claim 7 wherein the variable load comprises a pump or a heater. 9. The system of claim 7 wherein the variable load is coupled to the DC link between the photovoltaic source and the single stage inverter or to a power line between the single stage inverter and the power grid. 10. The system of claim 1, wherein the load balancing unit comprises at least one switching device and the controller is configured to send control signals to the at least one switching device. 11. The system of claim 1, wherein the single stage inverter comprises a three phase inverter. 12. A method of controlling a power conversion system comprising a photovoltaic source to generate direct current (DC) power and a direct current (DC) to an alternating current (AC) single stage inverter to convert the direct current (DC) power from the photovoltaic source to alternating current (AC) power for delivery to a power grid, the method comprising: determining a maximum power point for the power conversion system; sensing a voltage component of the alternating current power; computing a difference between the voltage component of the alternating current power and a desired regulated grid voltage; using the difference between the voltage component of the alternating current power and the desired regulated grid voltage to generate a control signal for the single stage inverter to drive the voltage component of the alternating current power towards the regulated grid voltage; computing a power balance difference between a power demand from the power grid and an output power of the single stage inverter obtainable at the maximum power point; and controlling in real time a load balancing unit based on the power balance difference. 13. The method of claim 12, wherein coupling the load balancing unit comprises coupling the load balancing unit to a DC link between the photovoltaic source and the single stage inverter. 14. The method of claim 12, wherein coupling the load balancing unit comprises coupling the load balancing unit to a power line between the single stage inverter and the power grid. 15. The method of claim 12, wherein the load balancing unit comprises an energy storage element or a variable load. 16. The system of claim 1, wherein the controller is further configured to use the difference between the voltage component of the alternating current power and the desired regulated grid voltage to generate the control signal by comparing the difference with a predefined voltage difference tolerance and sending a control signal to the single stage inverter to drive the voltage component of the alternating current power towards the regulated grid voltage in event of the difference being more than the predefined voltage difference tolerance. 17. The method of claim 12, wherein using the difference between the voltage component of the alternating current power and the desired regulated grid voltage to generate the control signal comprises comparing the difference with a predefined voltage difference tolerance and sending a control signal to the single stage inverter to drive the voltage component of the alternating current power towards the regulated grid voltage in event of the difference being more than the predefined voltage difference tolerance. 