An apparatus and system for preventing branch circuit current overload in a non-dedicated branch circuit where current is supplied at least in part by a co-generation power system through an electrical receptacle or outlet. Co-generation systems of this type are typically used in residential applications and can include solar photovoltaic systems and wind turbines. The apparatus modulates or adjusts the current flowing into the branch circuit from the co-generation power system so that the apparatus does not cause the combination of current supplied from the utility power grid into the branch circuit and current supplied by the co-generation system into the branch circuit outlet to exceed the branch circuit current capacity.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An apparatus configured to supply power from a co-generation device into a non-dedicated branch circuit through an electrical receptacle, comprising: a DC to AC inverter configured to receive a first current from the co-generation device and to supply a second current into the non-dedicated branch circuit through the electrical receptacle; means for receiving information representing the value of a third current, the value of the third current sensed in proximity to the source of the non-dedicated branch circuit; and a digital controller; and a memory storing instructions that, when executed by digital controller, causes the apparatus to adjust the second current as a function of the value of the third current so that the apparatus does not cause the third current and the second current in combination to exceed the rated current capacity of the non-dedicated branch circuit. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 further including a solar photovoltaic panel for generating the first current. 3. An apparatus configured to supply power from a co-generation system into a non-dedicated branch circuit through an electrical receptacle, comprising: means for receiving a co-generation system supplied AC current; means for supplying the co-generation system supplied AC current into the non-dedicated branch circuit through the electrical receptacle; means for receiving information representing the value of a branch AC current, the branch AC current sensed in proximity to the source of the non-dedicated branch circuit; a disconnect circuit; and means for activating the disconnect circuit as a function of the value of the branch AC current so that the apparatus does not cause the co-generation system supplied AC current and the branch AC current in combination to exceed the rated current capacity of the non-dedicated branch circuit. 4. The apparatus of claim 3, further comprising: the co-generation system; and the co-generation system including, a DC to AC inverter; and a photovoltaic panel supplying a DC current to the DC to AC inverter. 5. The apparatus of claim 4, further comprising a current sensor located in proximity to the source of the non-dedicated branch circuit and adapted to sense the branch AC current. 6. The apparatus of claim 3, further comprising a current sensor located in proximity to the source of the non-dedicated branch circuit and adapted to sense the branch AC current. 7. The apparatus of claim 3, further comprising: a digital controller; a memory storing instructions that, when executed by digital controller, cause the apparatus to: determine if a second co-generation system is supplying a second co-generation system supplied AC current to the non-dedicated branch circuit; communicate with the second co-generation system; and activate the disconnect circuit in response to the value of the branch AC current so that the apparatus does not cause the co-generation system supplied AC current, the branch AC current, and the second co-generation system supplied AC current in combination to exceed the rated current capacity of the non-dedicated branch circuit. 8. The apparatus of claim 7, further comprising: the co-generation system; and the co-generation system including, a DC to AC inverter; and a photovoltaic panel supplying a DC current to the DC to AC inverter. 9. An apparatus configured to supply power from a co-generation system into a non-dedicated branch circuit through an electrical receptacle, comprising: means for receiving a co-generation system supplied AC current; means for supplying the co-generation system supplied AC current into the non-dedicated branch circuit through the electrical receptacle; means for receiving information representing the value of a branch AC current, the branch AC current sensed in proximity to the source of the non-dedicated branch circuit; a disconnect circuit; a digital controller; and a memory storing instructions that, when executed by digital controller, causes the apparatus to activate the disconnect circuit if the value of the co-generation system supplied AC current and the value of the branch AC current in combination exceed a preset value. 10. The apparatus of claim 9, further comprising: the co-generation system; and the co-generation system including, a DC to AC inverter; and a photovoltaic panel supplying a DC current to the DC to AC inverter. 11. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein the memory stores instructions that, when executed by digital controller, cause the apparatus to: determine if a second co-generation device supplying a second co-generation system supplied AC current to the non-dedicated branch circuit; communicate with the second co-generation device; and activate the disconnect circuit as a function of the value of the branch AC current so that the apparatus does not cause the co-generation system supplied AC current, the branch AC current, and the second co-generation supplied AC current in combination to exceed the rated current capacity of the non-dedicated branch circuit. 12. The apparatus of claim 11, further comprising: the co-generation device; and the co-generation device including, a DC to AC inverter; and a photovoltaic panel supplying DC current to the DC to AC inverter. 13. The apparatus of claim 12, further comprising a current sensor located in proximity to the source of the non-dedicated branch circuit and adapted to sense the branch AC current. 14. The apparatus of claim 9, further comprising a current sensor located in proximity to the source of the non-dedicated branch circuit and adapted to sense the branch AC current. 