A power converter includes at least two power conversion sections operating in parallel. The power converter receives a variable input power and generates an AC output voltage. When the power source is generating enough power to supply a DC voltage to the power converter greater than or equal to the peak magnitude of the desired AC voltage output, each power conversion section operates in parallel, converting the DC voltage to the desired AC voltage output. When the power generated by the variable power source results in a DC voltage having a magnitude less than the peak magnitude of the desired AC voltage output, the power conversion sections operate in series. One power conversion section operates as a boost converter to boost the DC voltage level to a suitable level for the second power conversion section, which generates the desired AC output voltage.
Claims I claim: 1. A power converter for converting a direct current (DC) to an alternating current (AC), comprising: a first power conversion section having an input and an output; a second power conversion section having an input and an output; and a switching device configured to select between a first and a second mode of operation, wherein, during the first mode of operation, the switching device connects the first and the second power conversion sections in parallel to convert at least one DC input to an AC output and wherein, during the second mode of operation, the switching device connects the output of the second power conversion section to one of the DC inputs, the input of the second power conversion section in series with the input of the first power conversion section, and the output of the first power conversion section to the AC output. 2. The power converter of claim 1 wherein the second power conversion section further comprises a switching section having a plurality of controlled switches operably connected between the input and the output. 3. The power converter of claim 2 wherein the controlled switches convert a DC voltage to an AC voltage during the first mode of operation and the controlled switches convert a DC voltage having a first magnitude to a DC voltage having a second magnitude greater than the first magnitude during the second mode of operation. 4. The power converter of claim 1 wherein the AC output includes three phases, each phase synchronized with one phase of a utility grid for connection with the utility grid. 5. The power converter of claim 1 wherein, during the first mode of operation, the switching device connects the input of the first and the second power conversion sections in parallel to receive a single DC input and the output of the first and the second power conversion sections in parallel to provide the AC output. 6. The power converter of claim 5 wherein the switching device further comprises: a first switch operably connected between the DC input and the input of the first and second power conversion sections; a second switch operably connected between the DC input and the output of the second power conversion section; a third switch operably connected between the output of the first power conversion section and the AC output; and a fourth switch operably connected between the output of the second power conversion section and the AC output. 7. The power converter of claim 6 wherein each of the first, second, third, and fourth switches is selected from one of a relay, a contactor, and a solid-state device. 8. The power converter of claim 5 further comprising a sensor providing a signal representing a magnitude of the voltage present on the DC input wherein the signal controls the switching device to select the first or second mode of operation. 9. The power converter of claim 8 wherein the switching device is configured to select the first mode of operation if the signal indicates a voltage present on the DC input greater than the peak value of the desired AC output and the switching device is configured to select the second mode of operation if the signal indicates a voltage present on the DC input less than the peak value of the desired AC output. 10. The power converter of claim 1 further comprising a third power conversion section having an input and an output, wherein the first mode of operation connects the input of each of the first, second, and third power conversion sections to a respective first, second, and third DC input, and connects the output of the first, second, and third power conversion sections in parallel to provide the AC output and wherein the second mode of operation connects the output of the second power conversion section to the third DC input. 11. A power converter for converting a variable-frequency alternating current (AC) input to an AC output having a substantially fixed frequency, comprising: a plurality of power conversion sections, each power conversion section further comprising: a rectifier section configured to convert the variable frequency AC input into a DC voltage, an inverter section configured to convert the DC voltage to the AC output, and a DC link section connected in series between the rectifier section and the inverter section; a switching device configured to select between a first and a second mode of operation, wherein the first mode of operation connects the plurality of power conversion sections in parallel to convert each of the variable-frequency AC inputs to the AC output and wherein the second mode of operation connects the output of a first of the power conversion sections to the AC output, the output of a second of the power conversion sections to the DC link section of a third of the power conversion sections, and the DC link section of the second of the power conversion sections in series with the DC link section of the first of the power conversion sections. 12. The power converter of claim 11 wherein the switching device further comprises: a first switch operably connected between the DC link section of the first power conversion section and the DC link of the second power conversion section; a second switch operably connected between the DC link section of the third power conversion section and the output of the second power conversion section; a third switch operably connected between the output of the first power conversion section and the AC output; a fourth switch operably connected between the output of the second power conversion section and the AC output; a fifth switch operably connected between the output of the third power conversion section and the AC output. 13. The power converter of claim 12 wherein each of the first, second, third, fourth, and fifth switches is selected from one of a relay, a contactor, and a solid-state device. 14. The power converter of claim 11 further comprising a sensor providing a signal representing a magnitude of the DC voltage in one of the power conversion sections wherein the signal controls the switching device to select the first or second mode of operation. 15. The power converter of claim 14 wherein the switching device is configured to select the first mode of operation if the signal indicates a DC voltage greater than the peak value of the desired AC output and the switching device is configured to select the second mode of operation if the signal indicates a DC voltage less than the peak value of the desired AC output. 16. A method of converting direct current (DC) power to alternating current (AC) power using a power converter having at least two power conversion sections, comprising the steps of: determining a desired peak value of an AC voltage; determining a magnitude of a DC voltage available for conversion; if the magnitude of the DC voltage is greater than the desired peak value of the AC voltage, operating the power converter in a first mode, further comprising the steps of: connecting the two power conversion sections in parallel, and converting the DC voltage to the AC voltage using both power conversion sections; and if the magnitude of the DC voltage is less than the desired peak value of the AC voltage, operating the power converter in a second mode, further comprising the steps of: connecting the two power conversion sections in series, boosting the magnitude of the DC voltage to a new value at least as high as the desired peak value of the AC voltage using a first of the two power conversion sections, and converting the boosted DC voltage to the AC voltage using a second of the two power conversion sections. 17. The method of claim 16 wherein determining the magnitude of the DC voltage available for conversion is performed by obtaining a periodic measurement of the DC voltage and the power converter is configured to selectively operate in one of the first and the second modes according to the measured DC voltage. 18. The method of claim 17 wherein the DC voltage is supplied by a photovoltaic array. 19. The method of claim 18 wherein the DC voltage wherein the DC voltage level supplied by the photovoltaic array is determined by operating the power converter such that the photovoltaic array produces substantially the maximum power available. 20. The method of claim 17 wherein the DC voltage is supplied by first rectifying an AC voltage produced by a generator driven by a wind turbine. 