Described herein is a mounting system and slider clips that support simplified installation of photovoltaic structures. The mounting system comprises a support structure which can be mounted to support columns via an optional tilt table. The support structure comprises a plurality of parallel spaced beams and a plurality of parallel spaced rails that are mounted approximately perpendicular to the beams. Disclosed embodiments describe a collapsible support structure in which the rails are pivotally mounted to the beams. Rails are preassembled with prefabricated slider clips for holding edge portions of the photovoltaic structures. Rails can also be integrally formed with slider clips. Described herein are also methods of installing one or more photovoltaic structures using the mounting system and methods for manufacturing slider clips and a photovoltaic structure mounting system.
Claims What is claimed as new and desired to be protected by Letters Patent of the United States is: 1. A clip for holding photovoltaic structure to a support structure, said clip comprising: a clip frame having a common support area, a first and second sidewall each connected, respectively, to the common support area, and a first and second top extension each connected, respectively, to the first and second sidewalls, the angle between the first and second sidewalls and the first and second top extensions being, respectively, less than 90 degrees; a pair of extending panel holding elements each abutting the first and second sidewalls, respectively, of the clip frame, and each extending in respective opposite directions from said common support area, one of said panel holding elements extending from said common support area to a greater extent than the other of said panel holding elements; a C-shaped panel holding area having a vertically extending wall, the C-shaped panel holding area extending in respective opposite directions from said common support area, the length of one of said C-shaped panel holding areas being greater than the length of the other of said C-shaped panel holding areas, wherein said clip has a bottom surface for mounting to said support structure and each of said panel holding elements has a side of said C-shaped panel holding area at said bottom of said clip and a side of said C-shaped holding area in contact with each respective top extension, each side of said C-shaped panel holding area at said bottom of said clip is longer than the opposing side of said C-shaped panel holding area in contact with each respective top extension of said clip. 2. The clip of claim 1, further comprising a resilient material provided on each C-shaped panel holding area for engaging with the photovoltaic structure. 3. The clip of claim 1, wherein said common support area includes mounting portions for mounting said clip frame to the support structure. 4. The clip of claim 3, wherein said mounting portions comprise at least one hole passing through said common support area for allowing a fastener to pass through the at least one hole. 5. The clip of claim 1, wherein the first and second top extensions each comprise at least one angled structure protruding from a top surface of each first and second top extensions for holding the panel holding elements in place with the clip frame. 6. The clip of claim 5, wherein the at least one angled structure is a tooth. 7. A clip for holding a photovoltaic structure to a support structure, said clip comprising: a clip frame having a common support area, a first and second sidewall each connected, respectively, to the common support area, and a first and second top extension each connected, respectively, to the first and second sidewalls, the angle between the first and second sidewalls and the first and second top extensions being, respectively, less than 90 degrees; and a pair of extending panel holding elements each abutting the first and second sidewalls, respectively, of the clip frame, and each extending in respective opposite directions from said common support area, one of said panel holding elements extending from said common support area to a greater extent than the other of said panel holding elements, wherein the first and second top extensions each comprise at least one angled structure protruding from a top surface of each first and second top extensions for holding the panel holding elements in place with the clip frame, wherein each panel holding element comprises a curved element for engaging with the at least one angled structure protruding from the top extensions. 