The invention relates to a solar module attachment, comprising a Z-support (2), the one Z-side (2.1) of which is used directly as a roof attachment or can be connected to roof hooks or support posts in the case of a mounting system, while clamps (5) can be displaced over the other Z-side (2.2), the attachment means engaging in said clamps in order to fix solar module frames (1).
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A solar panel mount, comprising a Z-shaped support (2) comprising first and second legs (2.1, 2.2) and an intermediate segment, the first Z leg (2.1) of which is adapted to being mounted directly to the roof or connected to roof hooks or upright posts, clamps (5) having a U-shaped cross-section and comprising an upper leg (5.1) and a lower leg and adapted to receiving the second Z leg (2.2) between them, mounting means engaging in said clamps and adapted to fix solar panel frames (1) in position on one side of said clamps (5), wherein said mounting means comprise at least one mounting bolt (7) passing through at least the upper leg (5.1) of the clamp (5) and dimensioned to enter or pass through the Z leg (2.2) when fixing solar panel frames (1) in position. 2. A solar panel mount, comprising a Z-shaped support (2) comprising first and second legs (2.1, 2.2) and an intermediate segment, the first Z leg (2.1) of which is adapted to being mounted directly to the roof or connected to roof hooks or upright posts, clamps (5) having a U-shaped cross-section and comprising an upper leg (5.1) and a lower leg and adapted to receiving the second Z leg (2.2) between them, mounting means engaging in said clamps and adapted to fix solar panel frames (1) in position, wherein said mounting means comprise at least one mounting bolt (7) dimensioned to pass through at least the upper leg (5.1) of the clamp (5) and to enter or pass through the second Z leg (2.2) when fixing solar panel frames (1) in position, wherein (a) the upper legs (5.1) of the clamps (5) are adapted to serve as a rest for solar panel frames (1), or (b) the upper legs (5.1) of the clamps (5) are located between adjacent solar panel frames (1) when the solar panel frames (1) rest on the Z legs (2.2). 3. The solar panel mount according to claim 1, wherein the upper legs (5.1) comprise at least one threaded bore (8) into which a mounting bolt (7) can be screwed to fix at least one solar panel frame (1) in position on the clamp (5) or the second Z leg (2.2). 4. The solar panel mount according to claim 1, wherein at least one leg (5.1) of the clamp (5) comprises a bore through which a mounting bolt (7) is passed once the bores are aligned, which bolt can then be tightened by means of a nut. 5. The solar panel mount according to claim 1, wherein the Z leg (2.2) comprises a threaded bore (8) into which a mounting bolt (8) that is passed through a bore in the upper leg (5.1) of the clamp (5) can be screwed to fix solar panel frames (1) and the clamp (5) in position. 6. The solar panel mount according to claim 1, wherein the intermediate segment between the Z legs (2.1, 2.2) is at right angles with each of the Z legs (2.1) and 2.2. 7. A method for mounting a solar panel to a roof, the method comprising forming a Z-shaped support (2) comprising first and second legs (2.1, 2.2) and an intermediate segment, mounting the first Z leg (2.1) of Z-shaped support (2) directly to a roof or to roof hooks or upright posts, sliding onto the second Z leg (2.2) clamps (5) with a U-shaped cross-section and comprising an upper leg (5.1) and a lower leg and adapted to receiving the second ether Z leg (2.2) between them, and engaging mounting means in said clamps to fix a solar panel frame (1) in position, wherein said mounting means comprise at least one mounting bolt (7) passing through at least the upper leg (5.1) of the clamp (5) and entering or passing through the second Z leg (2.2) when fixing the solar panel frames (1) in position. 8. The solar panel mount according to claim 4, wherein both legs of the clamp (5) have a bore through which the mounting bolt (7) is passed once the bores are aligned. 9. The solar panel mount according to claim 4, wherein both legs of the clamp (5) and the second Z leg (2.2) have a bore through which the mounting bolt (7) is passed once the bores are aligned. 