A microinverter is provided for converting DC energy from a PV panel into a grid-compatible AC signal. A first plurality of switching elements is coupled between a DC energy source and a primary winding of a transformer. A second plurality of switching elements is coupled to a secondary winding of the transformer. Current sensors sense real time converter parameters including a DC input, an AC output, and a primary current. A digital controller determines an operating mode for the converter based on a DC input signal, with the controller further including a switch signal generator circuit configured to adjust switching states. The switch state adjustments are based on the operating mode, real time converter parameters which include the DC input signal, an AC signal for output to a grid, a primary current, and a desired shape for the AC output signal waveform.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar energy converter comprising: a transformer having a primary winding and a secondary winding; a first plurality of switching elements coupled to the primary winding of the transformer and configured for coupling to a photovoltaic solar panel; a second plurality of switching elements coupled to the secondary winding of the transformer; and a digital controller coupled to the switching elements and having an input for receiving a DC input signal from the solar panel, the controller functional to determine an operating mode for the converter based on the DC input signal from the solar panel, the controller further comprising a switch signal generator circuit operable to adjust switch states of the switches, the switch state adjustments based on the operating mode, at least one of a plurality of real time converter parameters, the real time converter parameters further comprising the DC input signal, an AC signal for output to a grid, and a current in the primary winding, and a desired configuration for the AC output signal waveform; the controller further comprising a predictive circuit functional to calculate predicted converter parameters further comprising a required peak primary current, a converter on time and a converter switching period, the calculations based on at least one of the real time converter parameters; the controller further comprising a current regulator coupled to receive predicted parameters from the predictive circuit and functional to adjust the converter switch on-time based on the real time peak primary current; the controller further comprising a transition mode regulator coupled to receive predicted parameters from the predictive circuit and functional to adjust the switching period based on a residual primary current, the residual current further comprising a difference between a predicted zero crossing for the primary current and a real time zero crossing for the primary current. 2. The converter of claim 1, wherein the converter is functional to alternate between a forward operating mode when the DC input signal is high, and a flyback operating mode when the DC input signal is low. 3. The converter of claim 1, wherein the converter is configurable to operate in either one of a flyback operating mode or a forward operating mode. 4. The converter of claim 1, the converter having a primary side further comprising the first plurality of switching elements having an H-bridge configuration including first and second switching elements coupled in series at a first node and third and fourth switching elements coupled in series at a second node, an inductor having a first end coupled to the first node having a second end coupled to a first end of the primary winding, the second end of the primary winding coupled to the second node. 5. The converter of claim 4, the converter having a secondary side further comprising: fifth and sixth series-connected switching elements; series-connected seventh and eighth switching elements; a first end of the secondary winding coupled to a first output current path that includes the fifth and sixth switching elements; a second end of the secondary winding coupled to a second output current path that includes the seventh and eighth switching elements; the secondary winding having a center tap coupled to a third output current path comprising an output current of the converter for providing to a grid; and the three output current paths further coupled to a third node. 6. The converter of claim 5, the primary side further comprising ninth and tenth switching elements coupled in parallel with the first and second switching elements, and a second inductor having a first end coupled to a first node between the ninth and tenth switching elements and having a second end coupled to the first end of the primary winding. 7. The converter of claim 4, the converter having a secondary side further comprising: fifth and sixth switching elements coupled across the secondary winding of the transformer; the secondary winding having a center tap; a first output path coupled on a first end to the center tap of the secondary winding and coupled on a second end to a node between the switching elements, the first output path further including the converter output to the grid; first and second diodes coupled between the secondary winding and the fifth switching element along a second output path; and third and fourth diodes coupled between the secondary winding and the sixth switching element along a third output path, wherein the first, second and third output paths are coupled to a common node. 8. The converter of claim 4, the converter having a secondary side further comprising: first and second pairs of switching elements, each pair coupled in parallel with the other; an output current path coupled on a first end between the first pair of switching elements and coupled on a second end between the second pair of switching elements; first and second diodes coupled between first and second ends, respectively, of the secondary winding and a first end of the first and second pairs of switching elements; and the secondary winding of the transformer having a center tap coupled to a second end of the first and second pairs of switching elements. 9. The converter of claim 4, the converter having a secondary side further comprising: first and second pairs of switching elements, each pair coupled in parallel with the other; an output current path coupled on a first end between the first pair of switching elements and coupled on a second end between the second pair of switching elements; first and second diodes coupled between first and second ends, respectively, of the secondary winding and a first end of the first and second pairs of switching elements; and third and fourth diodes coupled between the first and second ends, respectively, of the secondary winding and a second end of the first and second pairs of switching elements. 10. A method for converting solar energy, the method comprising: providing an isolation transformer having a primary winding coupled to a solar panel and a secondary winding coupled to an AC load; providing a first plurality of converter switches coupled between the primary winding and the solar panel in an H-bridge configuration, and further providing a second plurality of converter switches coupled to the secondary winding and the AC load; sensing a DC input signal from the solar panel and an AC output signal across the AC load; calculating a plurality of nominal converter switching parameters; generating control signals for adjusting switching states of the first plurality of converter switches based on at least one of the nominal converter switching parameters and a converter operating mode associated with the sensed DC input signal, wherein a current through the primary winding is generated; generating control signals for adjusting switching states of the second plurality of converter switches based on at least one of the nominal converter switching parameters and the converter operating mode, wherein the AC output signal is generated with a desired waveform; sensing the generated current through the primary winding; and adjusting one or more of the converter switching parameters based on at least the sensed primary current; the nominal converter switching parameters further comprising a predicted peak primary current, a switch on-time, and a switching period; the step of sensing a primary signal further comprising detecting a residual primary current, the residual primary current comprising a difference between a predicted zero crossing for a current through the primary winding and a sensed zero crossing for the primary current; the step of adjusting one or more of the converter switching parameters based on at least the sensed AC primary signal further comprising adjusting the switching period in accordance with the detected residual current. 11. The method of claim 10, the converter functional to operate in a flyback mode when the DC input signal is below a particular threshold, and the converter functional to operate in a forward mode when the DC input signal is above a particular threshold. 12. The method of claim 10, the converter functional to operate in a forward mode only. 13. The method of claim 10, the step of adjusting one or more of the converter switching parameters based on at least the sensed AC primary signal further comprising adjusting the switching period in accordance with the detected residual current. 14. The method of claim 10, the step of sensing an AC primary signal further comprising detecting a peak primary current. 15. The method of claim 14, the step of adjusting one or more of the converter switching parameters based on at least the sensed AC primary signal further comprising adjusting switch on-time in accordance with the detected peak primary current. 16. A micro-inverter system comprising: an isolation transformer having a primary winding and a secondary winding; a primary circuit coupled on a first end to a DC input source and further coupled on a second end to the primary winding, the primary circuit comprising a plurality of switches in an H-bridge configuration; a secondary circuit coupled to the secondary winding and further coupled to an AC load, the secondary circuit comprising a plurality of switches functional for shaping an AC output current to the AC load; a feed-forward circuit programmed to calculate a switching period, a switch on-time and a predicted peak current in the primary winding for the switching period; and a switch control circuit programmed to adjust switch states of the plurality of switches in both of the primary and secondary circuits, the switch states selected in accordance with an operating mode further associated with an amplitude of a DC input signal from the DC energy source, the switch states adjusted in accordance with the switching period and the peak primary winding current; wherein the switching period, switch on-time and predicted peak primary current are calculated in accordance with a desired sinusoidal shape of an output current waveform to the AC load; further comprising a digital regulator circuit functional to adjust the calculated switching period, switch on-time and predicted peak primary current in accordance with sensed signals from the primary and secondary circuits; the digital regulator circuit further comprising a current regulator functional to adjust the on-time in accordance with a difference between the predicted peak primary current and a sensed peak primary current; the digital regulator circuit further comprising a transition mode regulator functional to adjust the switching period in accordance with a difference between a predicted zero crossing for the primary current and a sensed zero crossing for the primary current. 17. The system of claim 16, the operating mode comprising a flyback mode when the DC input signal is below a threshold and the operating mode further comprising a forward mode when the DC input signal is above the threshold. 